Hello everybody. Hope that you're good. Today it's an important day because the markets are going to be reacting to the US and Venezuela conflict that happened on Saturday. Yes, Saturday again. And it seems some kind of norm because if you've noticed the past conflicts always happened on Saturdays. Iran Israel conflict happened on Saturday. US and Venezuela conflict happened on a Saturday. And my logic tells me that is because they don't want to dump their own stock markets. So what they do instead is that they do on Saturdays. So they have more time until Monday to reduce the uncertainty of what is going to happen. Is there going to be escalation, you know, or what is the other the other side going to say about it? So they kind of give themselves a couple of days to reduce the uncertainty and to increase a bit of the clarity of what it's going on. And as I said on on X, I think pretty it pretty much all depended on if Russia or China were going to respond publicly with some kind of public statement. Um, as far as I'm concerned, they didn't. So it seems like nothing's happening. It seems that the market knew that the conflict between US and Venezuela was a problem and it was going to break out at any moment and it could have got ugly. You know, the market was kind of scared about what it could potentially happen in Venezuela, you know, like uh maybe a proper invasion with tanks, bombs destroying the city. Who knows? There was uncertainty and in fact it's been quite clean. You know, they went there. It's true that they threw a few bombs to some military bases and and stuff, but they got the guy out, the president, they kidnapped him, they got him out, and it's been quite clean. So, the market is like, okay, that that conflict that was going to happen, it seems like it's not going to get that ugly. Russian, China are not saying anything. There are no tanks in Venezuela. So there's a bit of I would say geopolitical clarity in this aspect which sounds uh controversial but that's pretty much it. And he explains why the S&amp;P today is open positively. Look how it's going up. Okay, look how it's going up since he opened. This is the futures and now it's opening and it's moving up. Okay, because there is your political clarity. Now, if you go to Bitcoin, you're going to see Bitcoin also reacting to it. Not to the Venezuela and US conflict because that already did over the weekend, but it's reacting to the US market not dumping. Okay? So, you can see here if we put the daily time frame, you can see that today is already going up 2%. All right? It already broke above the daily 50 MA. That that could have been a resistance. All right? quite a minor resistance to be honest because it hasn't been tested for ages. So we knew that it was not going to be much of a fight there. But if you notice now you have here a 94,000 a local resistance and a 100k the high time frame resistance psychological level and also you have the weekly 50 in between and 98k right so what is going to happen in bitcoin I don't know but I can tell you how I'm going to trade it how I'm preparing myself to trade this week as I said it here at the middle of the range I'm not interested in taking a position I didn't take any because price could have gone up the same as it could have gone down. No reason to trade at the mid-range. I'm looking to trade deviations or breakouts. So, I would say that we have a range between 94K very clearly and you could put your range lows either 80K or really here also 84K. You can see that this is a very tight range. Okay. So, different ways to trade this. Let me explain to you my ideas. The first thing if we see a breakout past the local resistance that would mean that price would need to break above 94,300 tested a support that's what I will be opening my long towards two levels the weekly 50 MA and the high time frame resistance. How would I trade this? Well the first moment that I enter my long here I'm setting up already my take profits. I would set up 66% of my take profits at the weekly 50 MA and the 33% remaining at the high time frame resistance because it's possible the price could drop from the weekly 50 MA and I wouldn't otherwise take any profits. So the way that I'm trading this is as long as this retest happens I'm opening a long if price starts to go up a stop-loss uh break even. Okay. and 66% of profits at the weekly 50 main and the other third at the high time frame resistance. Okay. Now, if price starts to turn around here, then it'll hit my stop loss and then I will open a short towards this area between 84K and 80K. Okay? And I wouldn't open a long again until I see a deviation below 80K. All right? So that will be around n 79k give or take. That is my plan. Simple. Keep it simple. That is my model super Andi. Uh if you keep it simple, I know exactly where I want to make some business. And if I keep it simple, then I know that my strategies are always going to be the same. All right? So that is the way that I'm um trading for this week. Now, if price starts to, and I'll repeat it again, I do not think that price is going to recover like this to alltime highs, I don't think so. I do think that if it goes up, that could be a room for liquidity. Could be towards the weekly 50, maybe a bit higher, but that would be me pushing a bit too much. Say the weekly 50. Okay, that would be a room for liquidity. And then price more likely would go again to these lows where it could you know find some support either a sweep of the lows here or some more base uh bottom base formation here and then price could go up. I don't see price going up in a straight line up from here. That is my take. Again it's my opinion just so you can criticize it but that is my take. Okay. I do think that price is likely to do if he continues going higher past the local resistance. Okay, because it's through the local resistance, it could turn around. But if he goes above the local resistance, I do think that the upside is quite limited towards this area here. That will be a room for liquidity and then price could drop again before going higher. That is my take. We saw this also in October 2019. Let's go back really quickly. I went back in the in the last video I showed you and also in the in the sun update, but you can see the same here. Price drops very fast. That's what's happened. You have a tight range deviation above the top of the range. That's a liquidity run because it's trapping traders and it's hitting short stop losses and liquidations. Then you see that soup of the lows big red candle followed by a green big candle and that's your recovery. Okay, that's what I'm paying attention to really here. That's my take. Now, but when I go to High Block Capital to have a look at the at the liquidations and I'm going to show you that in fact it makes sense that there is quite a lot of liquidity in this area here. Okay, let me change to the time frame in the area there. There is quite a lot of liquidity. So potentially you could see here the room for liquidity which would be confirmed once price drops again below the local resistance. That's where you could open a short. Okay. And then price could go towards this area. I would probably say that price really needs to fill this daily long week in here in the daily time frame that it goes from 85K to 80K. That's quite a long week. So I would say that price needs to come towards this area potentially s the lows recover that's when you open your uh your swing long to the highs. All right pretty much the same scenarios as I just showed you. Now let me take you to have low capital. Let's look at the liquidations. Why have low capital? These are the liquidations in high time frame. As you can see we are taking the liquidations to the upside. That means short liquidations. Okay, it's kind of like a short squeeze really because it's going up quite aggressively hitting all the short liquidations. You can see that 91K there were a lot of liquidations that has been taken and now we can see that there are some more quite a lot more around 96K exactly to be precise 95,800. So why not? Why couldn't price continue going up towards that area take that liquidity that will be your liquidity run and then turn around. All right, that is my main scenario at the moment. It will really surprise me which is possible but it would really surprise me if price goes up and recovers in a straight line from here. It would really surprise me to be honest. And if you look at the liquidation levels, you can see that right now there are um $12 billion worth of long liquidations. This is the max liquidity setting. So the amount I'm telling you is not real. It's exaggerated, but it's what I've been using for the past four, five years. So it's what I'm used to. And usually right now it's a 12 billion but usually it's a quite strong signal. Once it's past 20 25 billions that's when is quite strong signal of a reversal. And to be honest right now we still have uh the double really to go. So um not really important just telling you that that there are starting to be qual of cumulative long liquidations but not enough to say that it's a strong signal at all. All right and also you can see here in the right side of this chart you can see all these peaks of of liquidity and these are telling you the levels where there are the most liquidation. So you can see that all these peaks are showing you the levels in the chart where there are the most liquidations. And if you notice all of them are to the downside. All right. So you can see how this could be some kind of liquidity run to the upside and then drop price back to hit all these liquidations. I think we're in a range still to be honest. Um if price can break above 100K then I'll tell you okay things are definitely changing. I'm now more open to the idea that you know we are recovering that range well that previous old range and you know 100k should act as a very strong support and price could start to go up from here towards alltime highs but right now it's still we are at 93k okay so I see that scenario as less likely to happen but that's it guys quite a short video uh to update you Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.