Hello everyone, I hope that you're good. Happy New Year. In this video I'm going to analyze Bitcoin's price action in the short term. So, basically I'm going to try to project what could potentially happen next. And as you know, this projection here I've been having it for over the last two or three weeks. So far it's playing out. And also in this video I'm going to tell you if I'm still favoring this projection or what other scenarios what other triggers I have in mind. And for that I think it's important to mention that the current structure is a very tight range. This is the daily time frame. We've been ranging here for over the last six weeks really. The resistance is 94K and the current support really is 84K. But consider this low potentially going to be taken out. That's 80 80,000 dollars, okay? And I'm going to go straight to the point. I don't really see Bitcoin recovering from here towards all-time highs. I see more likely that either Bitcoin goes straight away and sweep these lows here. What we also have a weak a long week in the daily time frame. Remember that weeks tend to get filled at least 96% of them do, okay? Only 4% of them never get filled. But eventually they do. So, I'm not sure if we are going to go straight towards that level and then recover from there or if first we could see some kind of recovery up to 100K and then price could again drop. You know, fill this week, maybe sweep these lows and then go towards all-time highs. But that's my main idea at the moment and is that Bitcoin I don't see it recovering to all-time highs from here without first having to attack this level here around 80K. Okay? Fill that week, maybe sweep those lows. We all know that there is a lot of liquidity always below the local low and above the local high. So, sweeping those lows would be a very efficient move before taking price to to the upside. So, I'm still going to favor the idea that price needs to take this area first, all right? Now, my triggers really are very simple. In this area here that we're in the middle of the range, I'm doing nothing. I haven't been trading really for the last weeks, okay? There is no more to trade here. Now, if price was to drop, I would really be looking to trade this area here. I'm going to mark it in the chart with a circle. So, that is the area that I will be looking to trade. That it will be after the sweep of the lows gets confirmed and price gets back above this low. That's what I'll be looking to enter again into the into the market because if price was to drop below this low and consolidate below it for quite some time without recovering that low, without reclaiming it, then that would mean that price is going to go down because this has now become resistance. All right? So, keep that in mind. Don't try to catch um a falling knife if if if that ends up being the case, okay? Just be patient. That's what I would recommend. And if instead price wants to go first, then I need to look what is going to happen here at 94K. That's the local resistance. I think everybody can see that, you know, there has been a lot of uh reactions from that level as support and then now as resistance. So, that is our local resistance and then we have another resistance that is our high time frame resistance that has 100,000 dollars in Bitcoin, okay? You can see here support support support support. That's four times. And then if price gets there, it's very possible that and this is the trade that I'll be looking at, you know, if price can reclaim the local resistance and test it as a support, then that's what I'll be opening a small long towards the high time frame resistance where we would see maybe a a rejection. So, that is the upside case that I'll be trading that I'll be looking to trade, sorry. But right now at 89,000 dollars, I'm not really um interested in trading this because price can either go up or down. Really, there is no much of a hedge here right now, okay? We're in no man's land in my opinion. And why why is the high time frame resistance at 100,000? Well, basically because it's a psychological level. Psychological levels like 100,000, 110,000, 90,000, 80,000. You can see that that's the level where, you know, Bitcoin has stopped dumping. Those areas are round numbers and traders they usually place their buy and sell orders are round numbers at psychological levels. Practically nobody is, you know, putting a sell order or a short order in this case at 101,000. No, people are going to put at 100K, you know? Or they're going to put a buy order at 92K. No, they're going to put at 90K. Or in this case, they didn't put at 81K or 82K. They put at 80K. 80,600 I is the level where price bounced from, all right? 80,000 is not the same as 81,000. So, that's why you can see a lot of reactions at these psychological levels. And that's why if price recovers from here, you have to be very cautious that this doesn't become a room for liquidity. A room for liquidity is when you see a move, it's a move a false move really to try to gather the liquidity of one side before pulling the next move that is the real move to the opposite side, okay? So, the move is going to become more efficient because it gathers the liquidity of one extreme. You know, you have to understand that you are hitting stop losses, you are trapping traders and then price is going to move into the right direction where the target is, okay? So, right now that we're at the mid of the range, you could see the room for liquidity to the downside here. A sweep of the lows, that would be a room for liquidity because the real move is to the upside, okay? So, that is the move that you want to trade after. Now, you don't want to open here a short blindly because the room for liquidity might be first to go up, okay? Trap traders here. They think that the recovery is going to happen before pulling the move down, sweep those lows and then price can go up. All right? So, here really at the mid range, there is nothing really interesting. Now, if you don't mind, let me take you to October 2019 where I think that there is a price action that is quite similar in my opinion and it's what I'm looking for it to happen, okay? This here. Okay? So, you can see that price drops aggressively for some days. Then you see a very tight range here between this support that I've marked and this resistance. You see a deviation that could be a room for liquidity. Then price sweeps these lows and recovers. All right? So, that's what I'm looking for. I don't think that price can recover like this now. I think first we are likely to see a red big candle followed by a big green candle to recover. Okay? That's what I'm looking in the case of Bitcoin right now. So, if we go back to the current price, it's going to take me a while. Sorry. We are in here, okay? So, again, I don't really see Let me remove all of these so it's cleaner. I don't really see a recovery like this happening. Okay? That's not what I'm really seeing. I would imagine that it's more likely that price drops first, recovers, okay? And that's when it can start fighting these resistances and go up. That's what I'm looking in the case of Bitcoin. That's what I think is more likely. Now, it doesn't mean it's going to happen. It's just my opinion and it's here for you to uh criticize it. So, um feel free to tell me what you think is going to happen. This is my view on Bitcoin. Um if price goes up, I'm not going to really trust it, okay? But I'm open to trade these local resistance to high time frame resistance trade. This is a small long here, okay? I'm willing to trade that move. But I'll be very concerned around these levels, okay? That price doesn't drop again towards this long week that we have in the daily time frame that is very important and this potential sweep of the lows, okay? Before price can continue go up. So, that is my view on Bitcoin at the moment. Thank you so much for watching, guys. And I'll see you soon.