Hello everyone. I hope that you had a good. Look at this. The dollar index is moving up, okay? And now it's going back inside this zone here, okay? So, I mean, it's kind of confirming a deviation, okay? We were talking about the idea of a three-tops pattern here. One, two, three, with a potential deviation. Also, this zone is exactly 100, so a deviation below 100, so 99, as it did, it would make a lot of sense because, you know, we're talking about two digits, not three. So, that's quite psychological move, okay? Cuz if the dollar index has been above 100 for quite some time, okay? For literally, uh, 1 year. Uh, if it dips now below 100, then, you know, it's going to go in the headlines of all the news. The dollar index has fallen below 100. It's now at 99, okay? So, then the investors are going to go short. Okay? Uh, or they're going to sell their their dollar. So, that's what we're talking about the idea of a potential deviation below 100. I think it's kind of confirmed now. Because if you go in lower time frame, you can see here how they finished to develop this W formation that we were talking about. Now, we had a potential resistance that was the 4-hour 50 May. It smashed through, okay? Then, retested the resistance, this orange line that was the the previous support. You know, you have a little retrace, but then again, they smashed it, okay? And now we are above it. So, as long as the dollar index holds above 100.50, then, you know, it's prime, you know, for a higher move. Where to? Well, you have here a small gap in the chart that probably is going to get filled. Let me mark it for you, here, okay? You got a little gap here. Uh, 101.20, okay? That gap is probably going to get filled. Um, so, you know, as long as the dollar index holds above here, I don't tell you, I don't see the dollar index going down again. And I'm going to tell you why. Because on Wednesday, next Wednesday, 26th of July, we have the FOMC meeting, and they are expecting to hike another 25 basis points, okay? Which is good for the dollar index, okay? So, that's what I'm telling you. Um, I think that this pump it's also in anticipation to that 25 uh, basis point hike, okay? Uh, now thinking that, you know, we have today it's Friday, we have Monday, Tuesday, you know, the days before uh, the FOMC meeting on Wednesday, I expect that in those days the dollar index either holds here or pumps higher, okay? I'm not expecting the dollar index to go down because it wouldn't make much sense, okay? At least to my understanding. Now, uh, thanks to this move to the dollar index that we were expecting, this W bottom, okay? And this potential deviation, then there were some trades that we were talking about. One of them was euro versus the dollar, okay? You got here, we were talking yesterday. No, sorry, 2 days ago. That this looked like a peak formation here, okay? You also have these two weeks at the highs. Uh, the first week gets filled by the second week, so, you know, perfect. There is no imbalance at the highs. And it seems like with these two weeks, they were, you know, trapping breakout traders that were thinking, "Okay, this is resistance, so if price moves here, I'm going to go long, okay?" So, I think that they trapped those those traders. Also, at the same time as anybody going short here was going to place their stop losses here, okay? So, that's, you know, they get stopped and they don't price. And uh, 2 days ago, I think we were around this zone here, okay? And we were saying that it's likely that it goes to the 4-hour 50 MA. And now you can see that it has gone below it. Okay? Um to be honest, to my understanding, it still has quite a long way down. Okay? Because you have here this liquidity pool here, one more here, one more here, and one more here. Okay? So, there are still some imbalances in the chart, and this could, you know, be quite a nice Bart Simpson pattern. Of course, this I'm not dismissing the idea that I can go again, you know, it's at 1.12. It can easily go to 1.09 in my opinion. Okay? And that would be a nice 2% move. Okay? I don't know if you want to see it some kind of retrace. It's likely that we see some retrace. I'm going to tell you why. I think we I think that if we go to the dollar index, sorry, if you go to the dollar index, it's possible that the DXY tries to, you know, test this level as support again. Okay? So, during this dump here, during this is more retrace, that's what you could see maybe the dollar the euro versus the dollar, you know, having a little retrace, and that could give us a better support entry. Okay? Um so, that's what I'm thinking in the chart there. You got the dollar index and the euro versus the dollar. Now, also, if you go and check the dollar versus the Japanese yen, okay? You can see how it's pumping. Okay? Because the dollar is pumping. So, that's one of the things, but there is something that we don't like much here. Um I don't really like this big liquidity pool that level here. Okay? That would be an imbalance. So, you know, if the dollar tries to retrace that support level, the DXY, then it's likely that this pair, the dollar versus the Japanese yen, retraces this liquidity pool, okay? And then it can continue higher. And that's something that I would like to see. Why? Because if the dollar versus the Japanese yen keeps going up and leaves this imbalance behind, then it's going to probably happen something similar to what the euro versus the dollar happened, okay? Peak formation and possibly a Bart Simpson pattern to retrace this liquidity pool over here, okay? So, those are the two forex pairs that I'm looking at at the moment. Now, thinking Let's talk again about the idea that next Wednesday we have the FOMC meeting and you know, we're expecting another hike of 25 basis points, okay? Basically because the Fed has been saying so. Also, in the economic projections in the past FOMC meeting in the dot plot, they said that it was possibly two more hikes of 25 basis points, okay? So, based on that the economists and experts are expecting another hike of 25 basis points on Wednesday, okay? What does that mean? That means that the two-year yield Let me take you there, sorry. Uh like this. Okay? The two-year yield has been rising for the past week in anticipation to the next Wednesday, okay? To next week. Because they're expecting that, you know, with another hike, they should continue going higher, okay? Now, um I'll tell you something about this chart. Now, this chart, the two-year yield, is pretty much positively correlated with the interest rates, okay? Uh you can see that the high the current high is um 5.12, okay? Uh this matches with the 5.10 median uh a projection in the dot plot that they were talking the Fed for the interest rate, okay? So, it matches, not the problem is that they've raised that median, okay? And they're expecting you know, more more hikes, so you know, naturally, we should expect the two-year yield to move higher, okay? That's what I'm expecting. I'm expecting this chart to go higher. Okay? Maybe to 5.50. Um when this chart goes up, that is usually bad news for the S&amp;P and for Bitcoin, okay? Just the economy in general. So, if we go now to the S&amp;P, let's check the futures, okay? Uh we were talking about the idea uh to be a second one we were going through through this charts, okay? We were talking about the idea that these two zero lines are resistance, okay? And how I'm trading this I is uh I'm waiting for a deviation. Um if you check this out, it seems that, you know, there might be a little deviation here in play. Okay? For now, it's kind of recovering that level. Let's see how it closes today, okay? This is a daily time frame. But, if it closes again below this zone here, okay? Then, you could see here a potential deviation consolidated on the resistance. Here is where you can short. Okay? To um well, you have here some levels cuz you have here some supports, but of course, you do have this gap here at 4,300, okay? Which I think that this gap is going to get filled at some point. That's what I think. So, you know, uh stay tuned with this chart with S&amp;P because I'm looking for a deviation either in this zone here or if we can recover this zone and push higher, then a deviation in this zone uh 4,719, okay? That's what I'm looking for at the moment. Um I'm target, of course, this gap here, this uh blue box in the chart. But, with the idea that the 2-year yield is going up, then next week we're expecting another hike of 25 basis points. That doesn't leave the S&amp;P in a good place. Of course, it's going to depend on what Jerome Powell says, the tone if he's hawkish, dovish, what he this about the next uh if there is any new potential interest rate hike in the future or not. That's going to move the S&amp;P also, okay? But for now, that's what I'm telling you. I'm looking for a top here. Okay? I know that we are, you know, I think 4% away from the previous high, uh 5% away, but I'll tell you, I'm looking for a deviation either in this one here or in this one here. So, let's see how that plays out. Let's see if we can get a chance of that trade, okay? More things. Gold. What's gold doing? Let's get that, okay? Check out this. We're going to the I'm not going to the No, in the the daily time frame is fine, yeah. Let's go into the daily time frame. Um I marked these levels for you, okay? This is the level 2,000. Okay? Although, well, to be honest, since the main resistance is very high, okay? And it's around 2,000 69. But uh what I want to say is that it always goes above 2,000 when something bad is going on because, you know, the investors, when they invest in gold, it's because they want to, you know, find safety. Okay? They want to feel safe against the economic problems, okay? That could be the COVID-19. Look what happened during COVID-19. They breached the 2,000 zone. With the Russian invasion of Ukraine, again, they went above 2,000. And now with the banking crisis, again. Now, what does this mean, okay? To me, this means that if we mark this high Well, there you go. Something like this, okay? 2,070. You can see that there is it's test is is a very strong resistance, okay? Three times, three hits, okay? To the upside. Now, I feel that with all the recession thing going on, um I'm feeling quite bullish in gold, to be honest, okay? Uh I think that if there is another attempt to the highs, it's very likely that we break above this level. Then, if there is a retrace and this level can hold, you know, gold is set to go higher. Um that's what I think, okay? I'm quite bullish with gold, to be honest, for the next, say, uh 6 to 12 months, okay? I'm feeling quite bullish with gold, to be honest. Um so, that's one thing. Um what else? Well, of course, let's go to Bitcoin. Let's have a look at Bitcoin, okay? With all these things that I was talking about about the FOMC next Wednesday, you can see that Bitcoin is is still inside of this range here, okay? You can see it's, you know, playing ping pong. You had a deviation above the highs to grab that liquidity pool, but we haven't got so far a deviation or a breakout below the lows, because that's something that in a range there is always liquidity at the highs that has been taken here with this deviation, and of course, liquidity at the lows. So, I'm naturally expecting that, you know, with the FOMC, with a new hike of 25 basis points, I'm favoring a breakout to the downside of this, uh range, okay? Where to? Well, you have here some kind of support upon a potential support, because it hasn't been tested yet, okay? You have here two touches to this resistance, okay? Um this is a level where we could find some support in Bitcoin, okay? Now, if we go into lower time frame in Bitcoin, okay? For all those day traders that trade Bitcoin, I just dropped my notebook. Anyway, we go into the 15-minute time frame, and you can see, okay? We've got here a long in a big imbalance here, okay? This liquidity pool over here. Can it get retrace? Likely, yeah. Okay. But, for that what you need to see is Bitcoin getting above this green line here. You can see it's been resistance all this time. Resistance here, okay? You got deviation. Again, resistance, okay? So, what you want is to see Bitcoin get above this level, hold, and push higher to recover this liquidity pool. Okay? In yesterday's video, we were going through the heat map to the liquidation heat map, and there was still a lot of liquidity higher, okay? With higher, I don't mean above 30 above 31,500, okay? But, I mean all the way there. Why? Because also you go here two imbalances, okay? These two large red candles, okay? They can get retraced, too. But, in my opinion, if they get retraced, this would be before Wednesday, okay? Because in Wednesday, the narrative says that Bitcoin should go down, okay? Let's see how that plays out because you know that Bitcoin likes to do the opposite, okay? But, naturally, I'm expecting Bitcoin to go down. So, if they want to retrace these two liquidity pools here, they should hurry up, okay? Um to be honest, with the dollar going up, the only chance for Bitcoin to break out to the upside and start to, you know, retrace these imbalances here, okay? Is if the dollar index retraces now, or if the dollar index consolidates here, then a good chance for Bitcoin is over the weekend. Okay? And I know I always tell you over the weekend nothing usually happens, but uh this weekend, thinking that the dollar index is, you know, looking quite bullish, it's difficult to imagine that Bitcoin can make a move to the upside when the dollar index is looking like that, okay? So, that's what I'm telling you. If you see today the dollar index not dropping, I think you're you're not going to see Bitcoin going up. I might be wrong with this one, okay? Because again Bitcoin likes to do different things. But thinking about that way, do you know that over the weekend the stock market is closed, Forex is closed, okay? That's when you could see Bitcoin moving higher and you know, retrace these imbalances here before a dump probably next week, okay? That's what I'm looking at at the moment. So anyway, that's pretty much everything. Uh my original idea was to make two separate videos today, one for the stock market, well, the S&amp;P and commodities like gold and then the Forex market and then a different video for Bitcoin, but to be honest Bitcoin is not really giving us much, okay? So I thought, well, I might as well just put it at the end of this video. Um so anyway, guys, thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.