Hello everybody, hope that you are good. Today is the day, is the FOMC meeting. Okay, so it's going to be a day with a lot of volatility, spikes up and down. So, I would suggest to keep your positions light, to not be overexposed. You know, be a strict with your risk management because there is going to be quite a lot false moves probably during the FOMC. That's at 6:00 p.m. UTC time. Now, what we are expecting, everybody is expecting this is this is priced in is 25 basis points hike. Everybody's pricing that in, okay? So, the market is not going to react to it when when they announce it. But, what they are what the market is going to react to is going to be the press conference, the words of Jerome Powell. And I want to hear what Jerome Powell has to say about the debt ceiling because Yellen said recently that they are running out of money. So, let's see what he says about the debt ceiling. Also, the federal funds futures market, they're pricing in a hike of 25 basis points now today. And then, three rate cuts this year of 25 basis points each. So, the most likely thing is that Jerome Powell comes out today and says, you know, "What I'm not going to be What I'm not going to do any rate cuts this year." He said that they back in the 22nd of March, the previous FOMC. So, the most likely thing is that he says the same thing. Okay? Now, is he going to also say that they're going to pause rates here? Or that there might be more hikes? Cuz if he says that there is going to be more hikes, then the DXY is going to go up, Bitcoin is going to go down. Recession. They're going to ask him about recession. Let's see what he has to say about it. Now, it's You know, the past I remember that they were always trying to avoid that word. The word recession. Then, in March, in the FOMC minutes, we could see that they say that they're expecting a mild recession over the next 2 years with high inflation, also. So, I think that we're going to have a very interesting press conference. There are a lot of questions, difficult questions that the journalists can ask Jerome Powell. I'm sure right now he's there with his team trying to figure it out all the answers for any possible question. Because there are a lot of things they can ask him, okay? You know, all those things that I just I just said. Now, let's go with Bitcoin because yesterday we had the move to 28,400. We placed this arrow and price went there because the market maker is watching these videos. Um now, to be honest, the prediction could have been quite a lot better because it really went to the 4-hour 50 MA, you can see. Okay, maybe I was too conservative and that was a mistake, but you can see that price went to the 4-hour 50 MA, then it did some consolidation below resistance with some spikes up. You can see in these weeks and that means according to my to my logic, that it's because the market maker is building his shorts. You can see with this candle. All right. Um now, if we check I want to go really quickly to the to the to the S&amp;P. Let me check that really quickly. Because I want to show you what I did yesterday. Okay? We were saying that yesterday it would have to test this zone as support and then it could have marched higher, but it didn't. So, prices went back inside the range, okay? That was the other scenario that we had in mind. Now, the 4-hour 50 MA is going to be the resistance. You know, here it was the support, you can see. And now it's it's becoming resistance. So, let's see how it reacts. In my opinion, this candle here, what happened yesterday, that's in anticipation of the FOMC meeting. And that's basically because the institutions, the the investors, they are just being careful because they know there is going to be quite a lot of volatility, so they have they do a sell-off the day before. That's that's what I think, okay? Let's go back to Bitcoin really quickly. Let's see um where we are right now. Interesting thing is that they haven't still filled this week. Maybe that's the next move, okay? But, I would like to first draw what market the the zones of interest in the chart. We have the week, we have this this liquidity pool. Let's see what else I can see. Um I can see a liquidity pool here, too. And another one here. Okay? Now, let me get this here, copy and paste to mark these zones. Okay. And let's remove the 50 EMA. So, in my opinion, these are the zones of interest in the chart. Now, today there is going to be a lot of volatility with the press conference, I think. So, the most likely thing is that price do some wild moves. I think it's very likely that today we might see the week getting filled and even probably, too, one of these liquidity pools or even both. Cuz I'm telling you, markets are going to be quite wild. I think this week is quite likely because I'm expecting Jerome Powell saying that there is not going to be rate cuts this year, that there might be more more rate increases, maybe. They're going to be data dependent, but for now probably they're going to pause. Let's see what happens, but I think this week, you know, any word he says it will trigger the move because there are, you know, there there are algorithms playing with keywords. So, it's going to be live, you're going to see in live that he says the word um "potential new hikes" and you're going to see a candle in the 1-minute time frame doing this. It's simple as that. It's a very difficult and and and it's not recommended to have trades open during that time. So, what I would suggest is to not have any positions open or any limits orders set until the press conference finishes, okay? And that means, look, let me put it here for you. Uh I think the the FOMC starts at 6:00. Uh uh this is UTC time. And then the press conference, I think it starts at 6:30 UTC time. Okay, so those are the times that we're going to have all the information. So, I would suggest to not trade uh 30 minutes before it starts the FOMC. Um and also, let me think. The press conference probably lasts about 30-45 minutes. Um so, I would say probably until quarter past 7:00. Okay? And I'm going to call this no trading during. Okay? Um So, yes, basically I'm not going to trade 30 minutes before the FOMC starts. And I'm not going to trade until at least quarter past 7:00. So, I'm going to give it a bit of room to get all the information from the FOMC, the press conference, see how they may see how the market reacts. And then, yes, you can trade imbalances because if we go and we see what happened previously in the 22nd of March, that was the last FOMC meeting. Let's have a look. 15-minute time frame. Um let's go to the 22nd of March. It's here. Okay, let's have a look. Let's check this. All right. So, you can see how we had a clear resistance in this zone. And then, at 6:00, you know, they what they did is a stop hunt, you know, a spike above that resistance and then dump all the way here and this is I checked earlier, this should be a $2,200 move. Sorry, you can't see there. This is a 200 2,300 dollar move. Then, after the press conference, you can see that price was trying to retrace this imbalance. Because yes, you can see all these large weeks, that's a liquidity pool. Um this is another liquidity pool. This is another liquidity pool. So, there is quite a lot of liquidity pools here that need to be re-reached. You can see there is a week here that also got filled. Um that's what happened. A lot of moves, a lot of volatility, a massive move. And then, they have to retrace the imbalance. So, what we could expect to see today, let me go back to today. Let's see if we can figure it out. Uh so, if we if they drop another 2,000 from here, I mean, that's a long way. Geez. Uh 1-hour time frame, let me check. I mean, what they could do is What about if they take us even lower? What about if they go below this zone? Okay? What about this if they do something like this? I'm just trying to to think, okay? Fill the week and go even a bit lower. And then, we may have something like this and try to fill this later on. I would say probably before the weekend, okay? But, it should be before the weekend. So, what about if we see something like this today? You know, go below these lows, fill the week, you know, a lot a lot of liquidity pools in this zone, and then retrace them. Or we could see that it's impossible to know because we don't know what he's going to say today. But, I'm expecting that he's not going to be dovish. I'm expecting him to be quite quite hawkish because I think he's going to attack the Federal Funds Futures market. So, the first move that I'm expecting, I might be wrong, is to go to the downside and then retrace that up. But, who knows? Just, you know, uh I'm going to wait because this we might see this by inverted to the upside and see this and see something like this, you know? Who knows? And then retrace, and this would probably go which also would make sense above these highs here. So, why not? We could see something like this, also. So, I would suggest you guys to wait, be patient. I think if you open a trade before the FOMC, that's pretty much gambling. I so uh wait until the FOMC, wait wait until the fresh conference finishes, see the imbalance they've created, and then yes, you can start to think about trading those imbalances. So, thank you guys for watching, and I'll see you soon.