Hello, everybody. I hope they are good. Bitcoin is good for sure. What a move it made yesterday. Check this out, guys, okay? So, when we made the video, I think that we were uh around here. Okay? And I was telling you the idea that this is still looked quite heavy. I was expecting another drop. Okay? Then we go we saw a new lower low here, okay? Check this out. That's a new lower low, but uh I was expecting price to go a bit lower. Okay? Towards this zone here. I mean, it's only $200 away. $250 away. But, you know what I mean? It hasn't been tested as a support just yet. Check this out, okay? You got this zone over here. It was a resistance that was tested twice before. And we still haven't tested as soon as a support. And you might say, "Okay, but what about this zone over here?" This spike here. Neither, okay? There you go. It hasn't been tested neither. So, quite concerning that Bitcoin didn't go all the way there. Now, it decided to make a new lower low, and then that's a massive short squeeze, okay? In terms of the daily time frame, I'm going to be clear with you guys. First of all, I don't like this week. That's a very long week in the daily time frame, okay? And secondly, remember that we took a short from here. I took some profits in this zone over here, around 30,000. And I left the rest uh of the trade in running. That was around uh 40%, okay? Where to? Towards this support over here. It almost got there. It didn't. So, you know, just for $250 I didn't close the rest of the position. It's okay. It happens when you trade these things, okay? And now in the daily time frame, we've seen the short squeeze. So, if we close this daily candle today above the range lows, this here, are range lows. And right now it's above the range lows. Then I'm going to close all my position, okay? So, I'll just close the 40 the 40% of the position whatever it closes, okay? That's my idea because if we close the daily candlestick above the range lows, then there is a big possibility that we've reclaimed the range and you might see some more upside maybe even to the mid range, okay? 30,500. So, that's what I have at the moment. I don't have any bias. Um I've always been telling you that I just I just want to trade what the market is going to give me. So, if we get back inside the range, I'm out of the my short and I'm going to look for other potential trades inside the range, okay? That's what I wanted to mention. Then, in terms of day trading, let's check the 4-hour time frame. What do we have here? This move from yesterday left us two big weeks, okay? So, let me mark this for you. That's a week over there. Okay, that's your two weeks. And then, this other line is the 50% of the week. Okay? So, there you go. Those are my levels at the moment. And now you might be wondering, what's going to happen crypto? Oh, by the way, you also have even another week over here. So, there are three weeks in the chart. But, we're going to take these two because they are at the opposite side of each other. So, uh what I think is that the both of these weeks are going to get filled. Why? Well, simply because this week has hasn't been created to fill a previous one. Here you had a week, but that was filled with this candle. Okay, so this week is a new week that has to get filled at some point. And the week to the upside, the same. If you look at the left, it's not filling a previous week. Okay? I mean, you had a week here, but this wick gets filled with this green candle, all right? So, there are two wicks in the chart, both of them are going to get filled, and now we have to try to understand what's going to happen first, okay? Which one is going to get filled first? So, for that we need to go into the 1-hour time frame, and let's see what is going on. First of all, this pump. When was this pump created? Let me check this out. So, that was basically the New York session at 3:00. Okay? Then it goes to the New York session. New York session closes here, and then Asian session opens here, but you have this large green candle that happens between the two sessions. Okay? During this time, in this 2-3 hours gap, there is no session, okay? New York is closed, and Asia didn't open yet. So, this candle, you cannot say that was in the Asian session, because Asia session was not open yet. But then from here, you can see that Asia, the first thing that it did was to set a stop hunt to the upside. Boom. There you go. They left a wick, and then they dumped price. Okay? So, in my opinion, what Asia did here was a stop hunt, and then a dump. So, I would consider that Asia dumped price, okay? If we mark the session, it would have been something like this, okay? That's the main way Asia did. Now, what is London doing, guys? Well, London is holding at the moment, okay? It's very clearly holding at the moment. Check that out. It's holding, okay? So, what am I expecting for New York? Um we still have a couple of hours for the London session, but if it closes inside this box over there, I'm going to expect New York to pump. Okay? Something like this. That's what I'm going to expect New York to do, okay? Now, if we go into the 4-hour timeframe, is it possible that New York starts dumping first? Okay? Uh let me do this other one. It starts to dump first and then it goes for that week. Why? Because if you remember, we have another week over there. Okay? That's another week that has to get filled. So, something like this would make sense. Let me say it again, okay? Give me a stop hunt. Maybe it will sweep the lows, but um I don't know if they want to sweep the lows, okay? Well, anyway, let's let's say something like this for now, okay? It could It could extend a bit more and sweep these lows of the London session, okay? But, let's do it like this. Come all the way here, fill that week in the 4-hour timeframe. That's quite Well, it's it's not It's not small, really. Let me check this out. This is a small really because the 50% it's around 40 No, sorry, 29,468. And here, we've marked it at 29,440, yeah. So, that would be the 50% of that week filled. And then, you want to see a reaction to fill the 50% of this week that was created during the Asian session, okay? This is what I'm expecting for today, okay? This is for day traders. Let's see if this plays out and then, of course, at some point, we need to go Sorry, like 4-hour timeframe again. At some point, we're going to need to go for this week to the downside. Okay? Um but again, the daily candle close, it could be a fake out, okay? It could close above the range lows and then tomorrow drop again below it. That would be a fake out. It could be a fake out to come later to this week, okay? Because I feel that this week needs to get filled. This support needs to get tested, all right? But, this is what I'm basically looking for today. All right? That's what I'm looking for today. If today we see something more aggressive and we see a straight away a pump Sorry, let me draw this. We see one hour time frame, sorry. We see a straight away in the New York session a pump right at the start fill the 50% of the week and then a drop and then we close the daily candle below the range lows we are good for continuation in the next days to the 50% of this week and then I would keep my short from 31,400 running, okay? So, this is what I'm expecting for today. I want to see this 50% of the week filled. Let's see if New York can do the job because certainly, to be honest it's looking prime for it, okay? Look at London. London is holding perfectly inside this box. And this is what I was telling you yesterday, okay? In London session Where is the London session? Uh let me check. So, let me let me read the what yesterday happened. This was Asia and then London. Yep, I was telling you that I didn't like to see London holding here. I wanted to see London holding low, okay? Because if it holds here, then it's a possibility of a drop. Okay? If they want to reclaim this this this higher levels. So, London yesterday they didn't manage to hold here. So, they went lower. Okay? And then you had the stop hunt in New York and the recovery of these two liquidity pools. Okay? You can see that they go pretty much to the dollar, okay? So uh it's good it's good even if I didn't get this one right yesterday. Because I was expecting Bitcoin to come lower, okay, into this level. But even even if you don't get that right, this is also a tip for you guys. It doesn't matter, okay? You're not going to be right all the time, but what is important is to analyze and still what happened. Because if you are like, "Oh, I didn't read that well. Um I'm going to go and look at what happened now." No, you have to check and try to understand what happened yesterday because that's going to give you experience for the next setups in the future, okay? So, for example, taking that what happened yesterday, hopefully the next time that I see a similar pattern, that is basically just we are learning here together. We see Asia dumping. And then London, it seems that it starts to hold off up here. But you want to see then London to drop. Okay? That's what happened here, 2:00. London Well, New York opens here. Then New York sets the stop hunt. And the recovery, okay? So, that's what you want to see also the next times cuz then you might find a pattern, okay? Now, for today, something like this what I'm looking, okay? You got the week in this session, London holding here. We only have a couple of hours left, so I'm expecting London to hold in the inside this box. And then the New York session, how can you trade this, okay? There are two ways to trade this. First of all, the original idea is to favor the direction today in the New York session towards the 50% of this week, okay? So, what could happen? The two scenarios is that they pump it straight away here. And then they dump. Okay? That's one a scenario. And the other scenario is the first they set a stop hunt and then they come here again. All right? So, how can you trade this? Well, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. Again, it's not financial advice. You can do what you want. I'm going to wait for London to close. Well, sorry, for New York to open because London really closes later, around here. But, I draw my sessions like this because then that's when New York opens and takes all the protagonism. So, the way that I'm going to trade this today is to wait for New York session to open. I'm going to open a trade a long, okay? And I'm going to put another limit order here, okay? In case we see a sweep of the lows and then a bounce, okay? And the stop loss below this liquidity pool. Why? Because it's also likely that the stop that the sweep of the lows comes all the way to fill this liquidity pool over here. Okay? But, if they drop lower than this, then, you know, we're going to come into this one. All right? So, that's where I'm going to trade it. I would be maybe a position here, another position around here, and the stop loss around here. Okay? And the take profits would be one here and another one here. That's what I'm going to trade today. Let's see if it plays out or not. Pretty clear, guys. Uh I think I I I think I've been pretty clear. I'm not telling you it's going to go up and down. I'm just telling you that we have two weeks today I'm favoring the wick to the upside to get filled. But, getting inside the range lows with a wick to the downside, I don't really like it. So, um I'll probably analyze the chart right before the daily candle close, maybe an hour before the daily candle close, because if we close above the range lows, I'm going to go into lower time frame because, again, I'm not convinced that we're going to be, you know, inside the range here living this week over here. It doesn't make much sense, so I still don't know what to do. Original idea is to close the trade if we close above the range lows below again. I'm not that convinced. Check out that week, guys. It's a very long week. How many dollars? Come on. It's like a $300 week, right? Yeah, it's around $300 week. So, I don't know, guys. I'm going to wait and see what you guys do today. Okay? And then around the daily candle close time, I'll post a tweet and I'll mention what my plan is, okay? If I'm I'm very clear, okay? I'm going to tell you very quickly now. If I see the daily candle close below the range lows again, then so that would be the daily candle close below 29,533 but or 25, then the trade from here, the short, is still running. And if we close above the range lows, then I'm going to I'm going to have to go again through the chart, lower time frame also, and make a decision, okay? And then I'll share it with you guys. If I close the total trade here, the 40% of the position, or if I risk it and I still think that it's going to come all the way here, okay? So, tonight stay tuned on Twitter cuz I'll mention that around the daily candle close. It could be Could this be a deviation? It could totally be a deviation, so um these are the type of things I have to try to think today what's better for me the risk management. So, that's pretty much everything that I have for you. You have here this day trade possibility towards the 50% of this week, okay? This would be a nice 1 and 1/2% move. Even if you catch from here almost a 2% move, okay? So, that would be a nice trade for today if that plays out. And also very important the daily candle close tonight, okay? So, that's pretty much everything, guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.