Hello everybody. Hope that you are good. Exciting day. Bitcoin is finally moving up. So far for the past two weeks, we've been correct with our projection and right now we're in a very delicate area where everything could change. And I hope it does and it gets invalidated. But all I want to say in this video is well, we're going to be analyzing whether if this is a breakout or if this is a potential liquidity rune. But most important than that because at the end of the day that's just my guess and I cannot trade based on my guess. Uh for that we still need a lot more information like today's daily candle close the weekly candle close is also very important and a lot of more context okay to jump into conclusions. But most important than that we're going to be analyzing my triggers. This is something that I do every day that I trade or in this case that I'm looking more for like a swing trade. It's something that I do almost in a weekly basis and it's when I'm going into a position. All right, so that's what I'm going to be doing during this video and I'm going to share it with you. But uh so far for the past two weeks, what we've been saying is that from the mid-range, price could go up into the local resistance around 94,300. You can see the area was at very strong resistance. It got respected. We saw a small rejection, a retrace, then from there a push higher and this move up. I was not sure. It was not certain that it was going to happen. So far, it's happening. We are seeing that potential move that I defined as a potential liquidity rune. But again, this could be a breakout. That's what we're going to be analyzing. And from here, we need to be cautious because if this is a liquidity rune, a liquidity rune, I'll say very quickly what it is. Again, a liquidity rune is a false move into one direction before price moves into the opposite direction. that that would be the real move. Okay. And this liquidity rune is done just to gather more liquidity before pulling the real move because that would be much more efficient in terms of liquidity. You have to understand that for the past weeks we've been saying that around 96K there were a lot of liquidations and this is a screenshot taken from today. You can see the liquid the short liquidations around 96K. Today they've all been hit the this long week has been so precise that it hit all these yellow lines. You can see that after the week it tends to be more more blue. Sorry. And that means that there are less liquidations but that long week was so precise and it hit exactly those liquidations. Okay. From there now price is stabilizing not giving us much of an idea of what is happening. So we have to remain cautious because if you are going to open a long right now, you need to understand that you are opening a long right below a very strong resistance which is the weekly 50 MA. So obviously based on my um trading style and my rules, I cannot open a long right now right below a high time frame resistance. However, if price starts to break through the weekly 50 MA, that's a very good sign. But if it breaks through 100K then we are good. Okay. I I would assume that we are good. The price would likely create um a new support at 100K like it did previously and this would be some kind of uh retrace accumulation price goes back up. Okay. Um yeah. So basically 100K is my validation level. If we get back above 100K then I'll only be favoring longs. It does crystal clear to me. But right now that we are right below the quickly 50 May price is at 97,630 right now and the high transfer resistance is at 97,660. All right. So we are literally testing the resistance right now. No point in opening the long because it's too much risk. Yes, price can break out because I can see momentum but wait until we clear that resistance. That at least is my personal opinion. No financial advice. That's what I'm uh thinking. I don't see worth it to open a position um a long position right now. Need a short because if you open a short right now, you are opening a short against the trend and against momentum. So it's a bad idea really. Also, you have to understand that depending on what traders do now, price is going to do one thing or another. And and by this I mean that if many traders are starting to open shorts right now because they are expecting I don't know the the Trump tariffs get cancelled by by Congress this week and a lot of traders start to open shorts then all those shorts that are speculating all those shorts are adding fuel for price to go to continue going up they're adding fire to the momentum. All right. So that's also going to play an important role. But uh my triggers I would tell you if price breaks above 100K then all this idea gets invalidated. Okay gets invalidated. Um I will be looking to open new longs from 100K. Uh because I would be expecting price to go higher which either way is what I'm expecting for 2026. As I said I'm very bullish on 2026. There is a lot of liquidity flowing into the market and everything uh that I see in the macro context points to gold going higher, silver going higher, copper going higher, bitcoin going higher, hard assets going higher against the trash fiat currencies that we have. So that's what I'm expecting for 2026. But in the short term, we need to be careful. Wait, or this is what I'm doing. I'm waiting for 100k to be clear. Once price breaks above 100K, then I'm back into longs in confidence. But right now, be careful because this could be a liquidator run. All right, we could see bad news tomorrow and this move might know that we're going to get bad news and that would also be part of this liquidity run. So, be careful. Now, my trigger, I'm opening a short here. I would open a short only if price drops from around the weekly 50 MA back inside this range back below 94,300. That is the moment that I would be opening an a short. Okay. And I would be targeting around 83K to 80K. But again for that I need price to turn around here and first drop back inside the range. So, I will be probably opening my shorts around 94,000 93,500. Okay, not from now. I don't care to miss this move. Okay, I just want to open it with the lowest risk possible. Okay, and right now here I think it's very risky to open shorts because you are fighting against momentum. Although you are below resistance, but there is momentum. So, there could be a breakout. And it's very silly also to open a long because you are right below a very strong high time frame resistance. Okay, so I need more information. That's the way that I'm trading this. So in conclusion, to open a long, I want price to trade above 100K and to open a short, I want price to drop back below 94,300. And also guys I want to mention this because it's very important and it's been playing out and it was that if you remember when we were around this area here around 84 85 we were saying that careful because at 90k there are a lot of call options and all these call options what they are doing is not letting price to break out because the dealers are forced to sell. So at the end you have a very tight range because if price goes up the dealers are forced to sell and when price drops down they are forced to buy. So at the end you have a range and that's what we saw in this area. Okay. Then I told you that those options were going to expire and they were going to be a record level of of amounts of volume. Once that happened then we are starting to see more volatility. But this is what is important. I've noticed that 100K there are a lot of call options again. They are selling call options and that means that at 100K price is likely to struggle to break through because dealers are forced to sell. And when are these options expiring? The 31st of January. So really we only have two weeks for those call options to expire. price could go towards 100k then reject but after the 31st of January then price can break through. Okay, so careful with that because that's also going to add kind of a bit of downwards pressure because as I said price is likely not going to break through 100k before the end of the month because of these call options. Um that's pretty much everything that I want to say guys. um it's a liquidity rune. It could be it's not invalidated until invalidated away. And for that we need price first to go to 100K to invalidate this idea. As long as it doesn't do that, then this idea, this projection is still alive. So we need to remain cautious. All right. Again, I'm not in a long. I'm not opening shorts. I'm waiting for price to either break through 100K. to me that it's a long and I'm waiting also for price to drop back below the local resistance because that would mean that this was a deviation that was a liquidity rune price is likely to trade back inside the range and until the range lows and that would be where I would be opening a short okay if price drops right below 94,300 again. So thank you so much guys for listening. I don't want to take much of your time and I'll see you soon.