Hello everybody. Hope that you are good. I'm sure that you are because the projection is playing out. Okay, you can see how they came to the mid-range here. Okay, I was telling you guys long long candles. Okay, check this candle long candle they retrace long candle they retrace long candle they retrace long green candle they retrace again here it happened. Okay, it keeps happening. So that's what we're saying that is very likely that we retest the mid-range before a continuation to the upside to fill well to retrace this liquidity pool here to the upside. Okay, then you can see that they just retrace this liquidity pool during the Asian session. But I was telling you in Twitter before I uploaded this video that you know, the problem is that we had a week here. Okay, let me remove all of this mess. The liquidity pool and I'll remove that. I'm also going to remove all these levels here of the range. Okay, and you can see that here we have a week. You know, so any of you that took a long to the liquidity pool that will be your take profits. Now I know some of you shorted at the liquidity pool. Okay, then when you see this week or when you saw my tweet telling you that there was a week to the upside. That's when you have to take profits. Okay, because when there is a week at the highest price tends to come back to it. Okay, before going before continuing going lower. So the 50% of the week is filled now. It was around 31k. There you you see it. It's being filled and now if we if we check the range now you can see that we are facing some resistance here. Okay, you can see this was resistance resistance resistance and now we are at resistance. Okay, so let's see how this plays out. Now today is Friday and you guys know that I don't trade on weekends because there is usually no much liquidity and you usually don't see big moves. Okay, so this projection is probably going to postpone for next week, but today we have PCE data, okay? And that is in 6 minutes, so we're going to see how the market reacts to it. Uh now, let me tell you something, okay? It's as simple as this. If price if if this um hang on. If this 1-hour candle can close with a candle body above 30,950, okay? Then, you can favor the idea, you know, to revisit the highs, probably do a deviation, and that and if we do a deviation and come back inside this range, then this is when you open shorts, okay? You don't open shorts here because then you are at risk that price continues going higher, okay? And then you're going to be uh stopped. All right? So, this uh short trigger would be to see a deviation here, okay? And then as as soon as you are inside this range and you consolidate here, then you can open shorts and you're going to target the range lows, okay? And the range lows is at 29,600-ish. All right? That's my plan if we can close this candle this 1-hour candle above this uh resistance zone, okay? Uh now, PCI data is in 5 minutes. Let's have a look at Forex Factory. We are now in Forex Factory. I don't know if you guys know this website. I usually use Forex Factory and Forex Live, okay? To see the calendar with the news announcement. So, uh you have here that the main events for today is the uh GDP in Canada and of course in USA the PCE data. All right? You can see here the previous, the forecast, and the actual that's going to be revealed in 30 minutes, okay? So, we're going to see how the market reacts to it, but you have to remember that Bitcoin has a reverse correlation with the dollar. That means that the dollar index goes up, Bitcoin is going to go down. And if the dollar index goes down, Bitcoin is going to go up, okay? Now, this data, the PCE data, is correlated with the dollar. Okay? What does this mean? This means that if they're expecting the forecast 0.3%, okay? If you get anything higher than 0.3%, if you get 0.4%, 0.5%, then the dollar index is going to go up and Bitcoin is going to go down, okay? So, that would be bad news for Bitcoin. But, if you get 0.3%, that should be priced in, okay? But, if you get lower than 0.3%, so if you get 0. 2% for example, then that would be good news for Bitcoin. And then, you could consider the idea that you're going to see price going higher, okay? Probably um going above the previous high because that's going to add fuel to the chart. Um in the opposite uh case, if the PCE data is higher than 0.4%, if it's 0.5%, 0.6%, then this is going to be the top for Bitcoin, okay? The local top for Bitcoin. So, let's see what happens in 1 minute and a half. Um to be honest, we're going to go now through the next week because today is Friday, so I can uh I can do this. So, okay, the Saturday, Sunday, nothing going on here. All right, Monday. What do we have in Monday? Uh not really ISM manufacturing PMI. All right. That usually uh I don't look at that much. Then, July 4th, that's a bank holiday in USA, so don't expect much volatility during this day, okay? This is a day that during the New York session, you can take some time off because you're not going to see much going on on the charts, okay? In principle, that's on Tuesday. All right? Now, Wednesday. What do we have in Wednesday? FOMC meeting minutes. So, it's not an interest rate decision. It doesn't work like that, okay? It's the minutes. The minutes are only notes that they took in the previous FOMC meeting, all right? Now, Thursday. What do we have in Thursday? Uh all right. We have unemployment claims, PMI, job openings. Okay, so now we have quite a volatile day on Thursday, but on Friday, as it's the first Friday of the month, we have here non-farm payrolls. Right? This is going to be the main event for next week. Also, uh together with the FOMC uh minutes, right? So, next week is going to have quite a volatility in principle, except on Tuesday, okay? That's what I can tell you in advance. Now, let's see if they have revealed the result of the PCE. Let's have a look. Um pending. Come on, tell me. Come on. We're going to wait a bit. There you go. 0.3%, okay? They actually said 0.3%. That's what they uh forecasted. So, in principle, this should be priced in. Uh if we go now to the chart, we're going to probably see uh first a full smooth. Could be to the downside of the that or to the upside. That's going to get retrace, okay? That usually happens when something is priced in. That you're going to see a lot of volatility at the start, but then that move should get reversed. Well, that's what usually happens, okay? Let's go now into Bitcoin. Let's have a look. So, you have Bitcoin going up. You can have a look now, okay? If you go into the 5-minute time frame, here, you can see how they're starting to push price up, okay? Probably after the news announcement. Now, let's go into the dollar index, okay? Let's have a look at the dollar index. The dollar then, in principle, should be going down. There it is, dollar index going down, okay? Check out this candle. But again, this I don't trust this move, okay? Because um I'm expecting that they said some kind of a false move at the start, and then this move is going to get retrace because it's going to leave liquidity pools behind, okay? So, it's going to leave imbalances behind that they're going to get recovered. That's That's I think. Um you're going to see the opposite with Bitcoin, okay? If the dollar index is doing this, okay? Then Bitcoin is going to do this. All right? That's what I'm expecting now. So, if you go back to Bitcoin, let's have a look at what's going on here. Okay? Then you see crazy candle. This candle doesn't make any sense, okay? You can see the news are out, they push price up, and then they retrace. So, um, wait at least another 30 minutes for the dust to settle. That's what I suggest you to do in these cases. Now, let's have a look what is going on here one-hour time frame. What is still above this resistance zone? Oopsies. What is still above this resistance zone? Let's see how how they close the candle. But, what I told you guys, if they can manage to close the candle body above this zone here, then we're going to expect, you know, price to revisit these highs, okay? And probably we'll see a deviation, okay? Now, in the case, I know some of you are wondering this, what happens if we don't see a deviation? Okay, it's very clear then. Oopsies. Then, you can see here that that would be your next zone in the chart, okay? And that would be the 32,400 zone that everybody is talking about, all right? So, um, in this case, you will be aiming at the same thing, all right? You could see here another deviation. So, you have to be alert for that, okay? If that happens. If we come to this level, okay? You sweep the highs and then price comes back under, then that's another uh, short opportunity that you can take, okay? To the downside. But, I might be wrong with this one, but I don't see 32K coming. Again, uh, I might be very wrong with this one. Um, if I'm wrong, I'll tell you, uh, grow I was wrong on this one, no problem. But, what I can see at the moment, or what I imagine is that either we dump from here after retracing this liquidity pool and then filling the wick. That is was this one. Okay? So, this could be a chance that we could drop from here, or we could see or deviation here, and then drop to the range lows. Okay? That's what I can see at the moment. Um again, you know, you cannot trade based on my ideas because I'm not giving you financial advice. It's only my opinion. I might be wrong. So, you can only use it as confluence. Okay? So, if you think the same as me, you know, without previously uh hearing my opinion, then, you know, you could be more confident in your own analysis. But, that's uh that's the only thing you can do after listening to my analysis. Okay? Just don't trade based on my analysis because uh you know, if I'm wrong, I'm going to lose money. So, I don't want anybody else to lose money uh because my call. All right? That's not what it's about. It's about learning, guys. Okay, when I have a look at BitMEX, check what the chart says. Okay? The liquidation heat map. Okay, 12 hours time frame. A lot of liquidity at 30,550, but also here, you can see that 31,350. That's the previous highs. There's also some liquidity. Okay? But, mostly at 30,550. It's not telling me that much. Okay? Let's go to the 7-day time frame to see if anything is more clear here. Okay, I like this chart more. I like this chart more. Uh wow. Okay. You can see that this week hit a lot of liquidations. And there's also a lot of liquidity uh stacked up all the way to 31,750-ish. Okay? What does that mean, guys? This is the deviation that we're looking for. Okay? This is this liquidity here is the deviation above the previous high. All right? That's what I'm looking for. Also here, a lot of liquidity at 29,600, which is the range lows. All right? So, can you Can you see now my projection with High Block Capital 7-day time frame liquidation heat map, okay? Sweep the highs. Hit all these liquidations at 20 31,100 ish. And then drop to range lows. This is pretty much what I'm projecting. Again, I might be wrong on this one. Um That's That's how this trading game works, okay? Now, 1 month time frame I see a lot of liquidity at 31,700. That's the same zone. You see what I mean, guys, okay? That's the same zone. Um to the downside with uh no not sure if this is uh quite uh could be true because actually like if you go on Twitter now, you're going to see everybody talking about new highs going to 40K. So, yeah, I imagine that there are a lot of longs opening uh from all the way here and even this zone here. Also, if you notice this yellow bar what it's telling you is that it's been uh getting brighter and brighter from here, okay? So, that's from here from 30,000. So, in this range here what this chart is telling you that during this range here there are a lot of new longs opening. Okay? That's what it's telling you. So, uh yep. Uh why not this liquidity here? Uh it might it doesn't have to be disregarded, all right? Uh but for now, that's what I think. Let's go back to the 7 days time frame. I like this chart the best. Um you can see that really above 31,800 there is not that much liquidity showing in the chart, okay? That's what I'm telling you, guys. I'm looking for that deviation if it's possible and then targeting the range lows. So, anyway, guys, this is pretty much everything that I wanted to say in this video. Today is Friday. We have the weekend around the corner. And you know, it's what I'm telling you, guys. I try to not trade much during the weekend. Uh stay still because that's usually when you are going to lose the profits that you've made during the week, okay? Well, that's at least in my experience. That's why trade on the weekend. If I trade on the weekends, then I'm going to focus on altcoins, okay? Because that's usually when you see more volatility. All right? Now, uh the Bitcoin chart, I'm still looking for that um momentum pivot, okay? Because now, you can see the momentum is not pivoting yet to the downside, all right? So, there is no reason here to open uh swing shorts. Uh now, this zone, as I told you, this liquidity pool that we've just filled, here, let me mark it for you. This liquidity pool here was a reason, a zone to open shorts. Now, the problem is that we had this wick here. The wick has been filled, okay? So, let's see how price reacts to this because now, if we start coming below this um this zone here, okay? Then, you can start to see price going down. And, of course, you know, if we close this 1-hour candle above this zone, and price continues making higher moves, then we're going to look for that deviation above these highs, okay? To look for shorts as long as we are back inside the range, okay? So, that's what we're going to look for, okay? I still think that um the chart is telling me that the market maker is building his shorts. Might be wrong with this one, but going to the 1-hour time frame, tell me what you see. I'll tell you what I see. I see large green candles here, here, here, here, here, here, more, okay? A wick. This means to me that they are pushing price up to build their shorts at the higher zones, okay? You can see, okay? And then they drop. They build their shorts, they drop. They build their shorts, they drop. All right? That's what I think. So, uh to me, the best entry point would be if you can see a deviation here, and then come back inside the range. This is where I'll be opening uh my shorts, not here, because I don't want the risk to price continue higher and breaking out of this range. Okay? Um, so that's pretty much everything that I see in the chart right now at the moment. Be careful, guys. Today is Friday. Um, only trade during the New York session. As long as the New York session finishes, get out of the chart, okay? Take your money. All right? And enjoy the weekend. Before I finish the video and say goodbye to you guys, I wanted to say that if you support the content, of course, you can give a like, a comment, a subscribe. That's good for the algorithm, so the video shows to other users in YouTube. But also, of course, you can register with the referral link in the description in Bitget, okay? It's an exchange that doesn't require KYC unless if you are in the US, uh, Canada, or Singapore, I think. Uh, you get $5 bonus when you log in. Also, if you deposit at least $100, you're going to participate in, uh, the next giveaways of the trading course. Also, um, deposits over $200 get 10% payback. That means that you, for example, uh, deposit, let's say, $500, then you're going to get $50 back. And of course, you know, if you depo- if you deposit bigger amounts, then you get bigger rewards, okay? Bigger pay- bigger paybacks. All right? Um, also, for the guys in the UK, there is an event going on at the moment, okay? It's a raffle. Um, to participate, you know, it's very simple tasks uh, that are easy to to achieve. And, uh, these are the awards you can get: one Bitcoin, Messi merchandising bag, copycat bag, a sports kit, two English Premier League tickets for August, $2 of trading bonuses, $10 of trading bonuses, okay? So, uh, that's pretty much, uh, everything, guys. Thank you, Bitget, for sponsoring the content, also. And I'll see you soon.