Hello everybody, hope that you're good. Don't get used to this. Three videos in three days. Come on, don't get used to this. It's been because there has been some movement and as I said, I like to show up when there is volatility because I know that there are a lot of questions and emotions and if it helps anybody that I say the way that I'm trading this, then, you know, I'm happy to to make this update. So, basically, what we've been saying since Sunday has happened, okay? On Sunday, I posted a very bearish Bitcoin Sunday update, if you remember. We were above 110k, we were at 110,200 or 300, somewhere in this zone. And I was saying that this looks like a range and we have to be very cautious because Bitcoin could very likely do, you know, a drop, a 9-10% drop, and that's what's happened in the last two days, towards the range lows. And not only that, but it could very easily and very likely, if it goes to the range lows, also print a deviation right below it, okay? Deviations, you know, very clearly, you have here range highs, range lows, price is doing this, you know, testing resistance, support, resistance, support. The same as here, you can see here, you know, you have here a resistance, you go in this orange line, some support. But again, I was marking the range lows on the 100% of this long week because it also uh represented the weekly 50 MA, a big imbalance, okay? And the potential deviation idea to hit the stop losses and the liquidations, okay? So, anyway, in the range, you have range highs, range lows, and eventually, at one of the extremes, you have a deviation, okay? And usually breaks in the opposite side. So, my idea is that, you know, having this liquidity pool from the liquidation cascade, the 10th of October, and that liquidity pool, that imbalance, hasn't been retraced yet. My idea is that, you know, the end goal of this range is to break to the upside and start, you know, retracing this imbalance at 121k. So, for that, it made sense to print the deviation at the range lows, okay? That was my thought process behind all of this. All right? So, I think that that's pretty much what is happening, you know. You saw a very sharp and aggressive 9-10% drop. Also, you know, you're in a range, everybody is getting tight, everybody is getting frustrated. And that's where you see a a relief rally, okay? Um based on that, you know, that the the chart is very very extended from the 50 MA in the 4-hour time frame, you can see that the the 4-hour 50 MA is at 107k still, okay? In the 1-hour time frame, it's also very extended. Now, we're starting to head towards it at 103k, okay? Then, it made sense to me to try some longs uh below the range lows, okay? And that's what these yellow lines represent. These are my orders. I put I placed three orders. Two of them got triggered, okay? And I placed them, if you notice, also right below the weekly 50 MA. Why? Because if you go into the weekly time frame, you're going to notice, guys, how every time we go to the weekly 50 MA, and it acts as support, we deep, we wick right below it. You have it here, also here. A couple of examples here. And yesterday, if I remove all of these, it happened the same. It wicked right below it, okay? So, that's what I was, you know, adjusting my entries. Quite aggressive entries, to be fair, because, you know, price was already dropping 9-10%. You might think that that's aggressive entering here. But when you have not only one confluence, but you have three confluences, okay? Four four confluences. If you want to add that the 50 MA in the 1-hour and 4-hour time frames is very very extended from price, four confluences. Fifth confluence, you can add also that price wicks always below the weekly 50 MA. Five confluences, okay? That is not an aggressive trader. That's not an aggressive trader trying to open longs in very interesting levels, okay? And this is the way I trade. So, anyway, place some orders at 100,350, some at 99,160, and then also, in case the wick went a bit lower, I put some at 97,100. This one was the biggest. This one was to double down all my entry here, okay? So, my average would be around 98k. Now, my average right now is at 99,000 something, okay? Um anyway, two of the three limit orders triggered with very low risk. So, you know, we're good. Now, the way that I'm trading this to take profits, all right? Um also, I want to mention something, guys. Yesterday, in the in the Telegram channel last night, I was mentioning that there were some wicks um that they were going to get filled, okay? Solana, this one, okay? So, you know, we I saw this long wick um and I thought this one to get filled. The next candle filled it. I just didn't know when it was going to get filled. Usually, it's right after, like this was the most likely a scenario, but you never know, so um price went back to fill this wick, okay? And now it's starting to recover. The imbalance at the to the downside is now done. We don't need to go back down, okay? Um in terms of liquidity. So, now, yes, now it's um not a bad moment or area to start thinking about longing if you if you are more of a conservative trader looking for confirmations, okay? If price bounced without filling this long wick, then, you know, you could have waited and say, "Okay, price is likely going to come back down to fill this wick and then maybe from there we can start to see a reaction." All right? So, also, uh yesterday I was mentioning that roof estimate for Solana to bounce could be around 147, 150. It got to 146. Ethereum it deep lower. Ethereum, it's true that it showed more weakness. I think it went all the way to 3,060. Quite a lot lower than I was expecting originally. So, Ethereum, I didn't touch it, to be honest, okay? But the same, long wick, partially filled. I think that's around 40-45% filled. We can consider it as 50. Let it go. Okay? And Bitcoin, the same, okay? We got a long wick that it got filled right after. Now, this long wick, the first one, let me remove this so you can see better. But in fact, hang on. Let me remove this. Okay, so you have this original long wick. That's the imbalance. It gets filled 100% with another long wick. All right? Now, this long wick has only been created to fill the previous wick, which means that this second wick is not necessary to get filled, okay? Let it go. And now, the way that I'm trading this, you know, with those orders, is like always, with caution. Why? Well, let me let me let me explain, okay? I also had a sixth confluence, which was the timing. What is the timing? You know, I follow usually a weekly timing, like a it's some kind of a pattern, like a weekly pattern. And you usually see at the start of the week the first move, you know, that's the first move of the week, boom. 8-9% drop. And then on Wednesday or Thursday is when you start to see a reversal of that price move. All right? So, you know, you have here a very aggressive sharp move at right at the start of the week. And then, if you notice, Wednesday, let's put the 1-hour time frame. Look at these, guys. You have in the 1-hour time frame also a very long wick, this red candle, that gets filled by this other wick. And then price can start to go up because it has retraced the big imbalance to the downside. And that happens at exactly 1:00 a.m. on Wednesday. On Wednesday, all right? That is the the the signal also that price could start to reverse, to pull a reversal from there, okay? It's Wednesday. Um sorry that this video is getting maybe a bit too technical, but I think it's good to explain. And now, what I want to say, guys, the way that I'm taking profits on this is also from a conservative um point of view as a trader. Um to me, I look at the at the calendar of this week, and all I see is that on Friday, we have unemployment rate, labor market data. Careful. There might be some deviation and some, you know, difficult price action on on on Friday. So, I'm obviously going to try to TP towards Friday. Hopefully, on Friday, I'm flat. Now, on Friday, maybe they release very good news and price continues going up, but you don't know that. So, to me, down certainty is not worth to to trade it. All right? Um if I want to start to TP towards Friday, then I have to start looking at areas where I can TP. So, the first one is going to be the 1-hour 50 MA. Why? Well, because 1-hour 50 MA, you know, it was one of the reasons why I took this trade because it was very or very extended from price. It needs to get retested. So, now price can go there. And from here, we don't know what it's going to do. We don't know if it's going to break it, retest it, continue going higher or if it's going to come to test it and then, you know, have a little drop again towards this area here where you can see price going up again. All right? You don't know that, so I'm going to take some profits at the 1-hour 50 MA. Maybe around 1/3 of my position, okay? And then in the 4-hour 50 MA, I'm going to take the rest. Because if you notice, the 4-hour 50 MA is also a level of high significance in the chart, you know, especially lately. Support, resistance, resistance. And now it needs to get retested again. So, what I'm thinking is that, you know, the 4-hour 50 MA is dropping very fast. Now, if price manages to and you're going to see better here. If I change in my indicator and I put here the 1-hour 50 MA, okay? Now, the two purple lines Let me put it like this. The two purple lines are the 1-hour 50 MA and the 4-hour 50 MA. So, stay with me, okay? If you see price in the 1-hour time frame breaking through the 1-hour 50 MA, maybe can also retest it as support and then continue going higher, then that means that the 4-hour 50 MA is going to get retested. The 4-hour 50 MA, we are estimating that it's going to continue going uh down towards price. That's normal. And it could line up very close to this orange line. I want to TP below this orange line because, as you can see, it was a very strong support that now could be resistance. All right? So, based on this, I'm going to keep an eye on the 4-hour 50 MA and I'm going to TP below this orange line, below 106k, okay? And that will potentially be the the 2/3 of my position, okay? And for that, I'll probably get, you know, a 3% 4% increase in my total por- portfolio, in the total trade. Although I haven't risked it all because I had some orders here without getting filled. So, I would consider that as a very successful week in trading. All right? So, that's the way I'm trading that now. Then, if I completely TP out of my position at the 4-hour 50 MA, if price continues going up, then I'll be looking for, you know, price breaking above this orange line and also uh that would need to be above the 4-hour 50 MA, give me a retest and I can long again, okay? Towards this area, towards this area. All right? Sorry for the messy chart. But um I hope that the idea is clear, okay? Um that's pretty much everything, guys. I hope that you enjoyed the video, that it was helpful. Again, it's not financial advice. Um I highly suggest you to join in my Telegram channel that is free. The link is in the description. And I'm posting a lot of content there every day, okay? Um that's it, guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.