Hello everybody. Hope that you're good. It's been a long time with other YouTube videos, but they are back. Uh I've been traveling, enjoying moving house. So, it's been a process. You know, the the last time I uploaded a video was I think in March or April. I remember we were here uh 80K and the last video was only about you know, we should buy the the weekly 50 MA potentially. The bottom is here because we are you know filling this long week in the weekly time frame. We are testing the bull market support which is the weekly 50 MA. You can see that every time we come to the weekly 50 MA we see bounces okay in all the bull markets. So we were saying buy the weekly 50 MA support. Okay, expect a bounce then from 80K and we did we saw a 60% pump all the way to 120K and now by coincidence we are in a similar situation. We're very close to the weekly 50 MA. Okay, the weekly 50 MA right now is above 101K. So it's in look in top left corner 101,147. That's the weekly 50 MA and we're already at 107K. Okay. So, we're going to talk about this weekly 50 mA. But first, let's go into the 4 hours time frame. Uh, I don't know if you all read the Bitcoin update that I posted yesterday. But basically, what I was saying is that, you know, we are in a high time frame uptrend. You can see that by looking at the weekly time frame. This is clearly a high time frame uptrend. we are inside a correction within that high time frame uptrend potentially could go all the way to the weekly 50 MA like we saw in previous times and in low time frame I was saying that I don't see a very clear direction so it makes me think that this is some kind of a of a range okay and you could draw your range lows in this orange line I'm pulling them lower Um what I'm thinking here is that it's possible that if we drop below this orange line, there is a lot of space to continue going lower all the way to 101k, you know, 102K um potentially filling the 100% of this week. Okay. Yes, you're going to tell me this week is only on Binance, but it's not. It's not in Binance. Only it's in Binance. It's in by bit. It's in bluffing. It's in B X in Bet. Okay. Okay, the only chart that doesn't have this week is Coinbase chart. So, we're going to consider that in terms of liquidity, this week is real. Okay, so yeah, it could get 100% filled. You already got at least 50% and you guys know that with my week fill strategy, all I say is that long weeks need to get filled at least 50%. Once they get filled 50% or more, we can consider them as completed. price doesn't need to go to the 100%. Now, however, if price comes back to around the 50% level and there is no a bounce. So, for example, here you can see that we filled the 50% at least price bounce. Well, okay, perfect. But then it couldn't break this high, this local high. it got rejected and now we are again around that same level around the 50% level of that week which makes it more likely that I continues dropping to the 100% of the week. Okay, that's what I usually see in the week strategy. So that's a sign of caution to me. That's what I've been saying yesterday in the Bitcoin soon update. And I would say that if we drop below this orange line, then it will be very likely that price drops lower to the 100% of the week fill. You can see there a beautiful deviation below the range lows because there you also have the weekly 50 MA that it's a big support where we would expect a good reaction, an aggressive bounce. So in terms of high time frame, I'm still bullish. I'm going with a trend 101k. If we get there, there should be a bounce. So that's the most likely scenario. And in low time frame, I consider this to potentially be a range and potentially head towards the range lows. Okay. Now, also I support this theory that we are still in a bull market. I I know that some of you might disagree and that's fine. I'm only telling you my theory. So some of you might criticize it. That's fine. That's what is what it's about. But you know, you have the Fed injecting liquidity. Now you also have the US government shut down. When he reopens, they have to pay bills. They have to inject more liquidity. Then then you also have the companies of the S&amp;P 500 doing very good earnings. Okay? Especially at by the end of Q3 and now the first month in October of Q4, they've been doing good earnings. So during it's going well I would say you know it's likely that with all this liquidity getting injected into the market prices should move on especially when Bitcoin is delayed is is behind the global monetary supply okay and all these liquidity injections. So yeah, I would say that it's very likely that we are still going to go higher. Okay. So yeah, in my opinion, it's more likely that we continue going higher and if we go to 101K that there is a bounce. Now, right now, I'm flat. I'm I'm I'm not in a trade because I don't see things very clear. Okay, I'm waiting to see what happens. I suggested the telegram channel which is free and I recommend you guys to join because I'm way more active there than on than on X. So I'll leave you the link in the description. I was saying that I'm expecting and this is pure instinct. I don't have any info of course you know I'm just an analyst in my from my house but I was saying that this week there could be news either from Donald Trump or from the Federal Reserve of the US. um that that could move the market. So um you usually when I see price, you know, so uncertain that doesn't move much. It's kind of waiting for something, you know, and yeah, many times the chart or most times or almost pretty much always the chart is ahead of the news. And when it's like this is because something is probably going to happen. Okay, potentially is more likely in my opinion that this news or whatever happens triggers a move down like this. Okay, and that's what I'll be looking to get into a position. All right, so that's what I'm kind of expecting for Bitcoin. Uh if you want an excuse then you can go to the TGR bonds and it's true that it's likely that price you know that probably formed a bottom over here. Looks to me like a formation here. Okay. And now price is potentially going to go to 420 or 433. Okay. As you can see two resistances. So that could be the excuse, but let's see. All right. You know that when the 10year deal goes up, it puts pressure on the S&amp;P. The S&amp;P, if you go to the S&amp;P 500, you can see that yeah, the chart is very bullish, but it's normal that it do some retests. But for example, here you could say that this could be a good support. Okay, same as for example it was here that you could see the same. Okay, in there and you can see how you know price broke this resistance went up tested back this support. Okay, went up and now price could go back here to test the support to continue going higher. Okay, so something like that is what I'm expecting. Still I do think that we are in a high time frame uptrend but I'm cautious in low time frame. More things Ethereum 4 hours time frame. Let's have a look. I searched Ethereum and Solana charts last night on Telegram to complete the Bitcoin update with some alcoins. What I was saying is that you know I see a lot of liquidity in Ethereum below this line because if you notice now it's been now it's starting to take that liquidity. You can see here hang on sorry excuse me you can see here one two three four hits there to the downside. A lot of liquidity if you imagine in all this area here. Okay, a lot of liquidity here that is full of liquidity, full of stop- losses. And you can see how price has started today going there. Okay, now I'm expecting it to go a bit lower at least to this below below this low here where it could take all the liquidity. Then from there maybe we see a reaction acceptance above the range lows again could be a safe entry. If you are more aggressive then you can just place some buy limit orders below this low you know expecting that that will be a just a liquidity wrap to continue pushing price higher and sparing around 40 50% of the position to spare those orders here. Okay. So for example you could enter here 50% and here 50 50. That's just some ideas you could take and this one would be around the 100% of the week fill. Okay, so just some ideas. Same for Solana. Sena is already doing the move. I I notice the same. Look at this trend line, guys. Don't you think that most traders that they go to the bookshop and just buy the first trading book they see because they are pretty much all the same except the ones that talk about trading psychology. Respect for those ones. But the ones that talk about technical analysis, they're pretty much telling you follow the trend, right? So if you see a trend line like this, what you're going to be doing is you're going to continue longing every touch of that trend line. Okay? Now eventually in reality what we see is that you know after three four hits if price goes back to the trend line the most likely is that it breaks through it breaks down much lower to hit or lose a stop loss. So any trader that was opening new longs here gets immediately stopped. Okay? And for example, you think this guy here took profits here. Most traders didn't. Most traders are holding that trade towards this area here. Okay. So, those guys are also going to get stopped. That's already what happened. Price is going lower. Now, I don't I'm not sure how low Solana will go because I was expecting that, you know, if Bitcoin goes to 101K, if Ethereum goes to 3,600, 3,500, then Solana could go to 170, but so far it's taking a bigger hit. So, yes, it could go lower than what it's market in the chart. So, my take on Solana would be or this is what I'm doing. I'm trading with caution this week because I see it very uncertain. All I'm doing is waiting. Waiting for the news to happen. Waiting for Bitcoin to make the move that we've talked here. If this happens and once Bitcoin is ready for a bounce, once Bitcoin is in this area, then I'll go and go back to Solana. Okay, maybe Solana is here or maybe Solana is here or maybe it's here. I don't know. And that is where I can start to look for longs in Solana, not sooner because Solana is going to follow Bitcoin. Okay, just so you understand a bit the priorities. So that's pretty much everything, guys. I hope that this video was helpful. And I don't know if you guys missed the videos, but I I did. I think it's fun. So I probably see you again this week. Okay. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.