Hello everybody. Hope that you're good. This is a new update, more like a follow-up update from yesterday's video. So, if you haven't watched it yet, then I would suggest you to go and watch it first and then come back to this video. Um, there has been some movement, some volatility, and I like to show up when when that happens, when there is movement because I can answer those questions you might have that you've been asking me on Telegram or on X and also maybe we can add some setups so and and mention some new setups. So let's get started. The first thing is Bitcoin. Bitcoin on Sunday we were mentioning at 110K. So in this area here we were mentioning that you know this could be some kind of a range. This is your range highs your range lows marking the 100% of this long week which by the way this week it's in Binance. Yes. But it's also in by in binex in Bjet in Bluffin in Kcoin in Mex. See, it's everywhere except on Coinbase. So, we're going to consider that there is enough liquidity to consider this a real week all the way to 102K. All right. So, basically, when price goes back to the 50% of the week like it did yesterday, that means that it's likely that it goes all the way to the 100% of the week. All right. So, we're going to be watching that level 102K, potentially 101K because we could expect to sweep the lows of that long week. Okay, that's my main scenario at the moment since Sunday and especially how it's been playing out throughout the week. But yeah, I'm kind of expecting a sweep of the lows there of that long week. Also at the level we'll have the weekly 50 MA which is a you know a strong bull market support and it's a level where we could see some kind of a of a bounce especially because you know traders are getting very tired they're getting frustrated. All right you know you have this kind of price action sideways while the alcoin markets keep going down people are getting tired and when that happen you see relief rallies. Okay. So to spot the a level where a relief rally could happen my via is that around 102k but more towards 101k or even 100k. All right psychological level again you have three confluences. You have a range that will be a deviation below the range lows. That's the first confluence. Second confluence you would be feeling the 100% of this long week. And the third confluence is that you have the weekly 50 MA sitting there. Let's go to the weekly time frame. Look at it guys. Okay, you have the weekly 50 MA bull market support right there at 101K. So that's a level of interest where we could see a relief rally from today. There has been some movement well yesterday in the S&amp;P 500. And this is something that we mentioned also yesterday. All right, it's happened straight away. You have here notice resistance, okay, and resistance as a very clear resistance. Price manages to break through, then retest a level of support, continues going higher. And look what you got here, guys. Again, resistance and resistance. Okay, very clear resistance. Price breaks through, then comes back down, retest that resistance as support. Okay, now the question is if it's going to bounce from here or if it's going to go lower, okay, towards this level here towards 6,650 or so. But this down, it's a 1% candle, daily candle, which is quite big for the for the stock market. Okay, then of course, Bitcoin followed although Bitcoin was already going down. All right, but this is how we find confluences to analyze where the price of Bitcoin could go. Now, if you jump into alcoins, we first go to Ethereum. Okay, 4 hours time frame. Let's look for some setups. Yesterday, by the way, on Telegram last night, I mentioned some levels, some proof estimates where we could see Ethereum and Solana going if Bitcoin those go finally to 101K, 102K. Okay? So, I invite you to join the the Telegram channel. It's in the description. It's free. All right? And I'm way more active there than than on X at the moment. So, I see you there. I guess basically with Ethereum uh on Sunday night on Telegram I shared this chart you know we were at 3,800 3,900 I was expecting to you know hit all these stop losses in this area you can see that you have some lows here okay one two three four lows a lot of liquidity in this area building okay so that was the first scenario to drop all the way to that liquidity to those stop losses and then if price managed to go back above the range lows then that would be a safe trigger. However, you can see that the range lows acted as resistance dropping price even lower. Okay, and that take us to the next scenario that is this one here that is also sweeping the lows of this long week. Okay, same as Bitcoin roof again very rough estimate 3360 perhaps it's where it could go. Okay. Um again in the case that Bitcoin does go down to 101K 102K. All right. Um and it's a rough estimate. My strategy here will be watching Bitcoin. See if Bitcoin makes that move. And once Bitcoin makes the move all the way to 101K, 102K and I can see some kind of reaction from there, that's when I can start jumping into longs in Ethereum, Solana, okay, and others. Uh but yeah, basically rough estimate 3,360 I would say. Now, if you go to Solana, the same a lot of liquidity below this trend line. You have a short video also posted on my YouTube channel from yesterday how we trade these trend lines and and this liquidity and how traders get manipulated and how they lose money. Okay. But again with Solana let's put the three days time frame. Okay. Uh no daily time frame sorry. I have here some levels marked, but my roof my roof estimate would probably be around 147 150. Okay, that's my roof estimate for Solana if Bitcoin pulls down more low. Okay, and then there are some charts that seem quite interesting. One of them is I don't know how you say this one, ENA or ENA, right? If you go to the 3 days time frame, this one I remember I took a beautiful trade that I was supposed on X back at the time and it was here. I built longs between 0.25 and 35. Okay. And then I at 0.84. I remember exactly because it was right at the top. H look also I saw here some resistance as you can see. But uh yeah, kind of lucky because that was exact top pretty much and then price dropped. Now this structure is a structure that I'm seeing quite a lot in some charts in some altcoin charts and you see here like a base okay you see that base then price goes up then you have this very long week okay and price potentially could go all the way back to that base you know consolidate a bit and then have another move up. Okay, kind of like you know base top base base top. Okay, something like that is what I'll be looking at to trade in this in this token. Okay, in ENA and similar happens to I think it was AAX or Rebax. Yeah, pretty much you have the same here. Okay, you go in fact you can see that this line goes even further. Okay, you can see how it's been tested as support, support, support, support, resistance, resistance, support, support, support, support. Okay. So you can see that this white dotted line it's an a level of interest and you have the same you have here some kind of bottom formation. Then price goes up. You have a long week and price is going to go again potentially back to that level. Okay 1530 and in that area around that area you could see again some consolidation and price going up again to 26. All right. If you notice, this is pretty much some kind of a of a range. Look at this yellow line is the range slice. White of the line, range lows. Okay, look at it. Same all the time. All the time, deviation above the range highs, back to range lows. Okay, then retest potentially back to the range highs. So, these are the kind of setups that I'm looking at and I hope that this video was helpful. Um, it answers some some questions. But again, keep an eye on the king. Keep an eye on Bitcoin because all the all the charts that I've showed you are going to follow Bitcoin. Okay? Again, potentially we are looking for a move lower to 102K and more likely, you know, sweep the lows of that long week around 101K 100K. So, that's what we're looking at. Then from there, you can expect a new update from me and potentially looking for new longs. All right, so thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.