Hello everybody. I hope that you're good. It's happening. This projection is so far playing out. Uh we were in the second part of the projection. I would say that we've gone through the most critical phase of this projection and now it seems that it's likely going to fully play out. So we're going to go through what I think is going to happen next. We're going to go through my thought process of this analysis. And this is basically my first projection of 2026. Well, not really because I've been carrying this prediction since December. So, it's from last year. But what I want to say is that it's a great way to start the year. I'm officially in a trade. I didn't trade this move here. And I'm going to explain to you to you why. But basically, I'm going to tell you my levels. Okay? We are in a range. This is the local resistance and the local support. You can see very clearly how those also uh we could say that those are the range highs and the range lows of this tight area of price action. And then above it we have a high time frame resistance which is 100k psychological level where you've seen previously price you know reacting to to that level but again it's a psychological level. So it's very normal and that's going to be a high time frame resistance. And then we have the local low which symbolizes the long week that we have here in the daily time frame which I believe is going to get filled because more than 90% of them do get filled sooner or later. So we have this rectangle here this box as a target zone that is basically the 50% of the week that's around 83k towards the 100% of the of the week which is 80k. All right. So uh that's basically my levels and then what we were expecting or what we were projecting to happen is that if price is likely going to fill this long week because it's an imbalance and it's the biggest imbalance that I can see in the chart. So if price needs to go there in order to then recover without having to worry about this area. So it could be a real recovery then price is likely going to do a liquidity run first because that's the way that the market behaves. And we're going to go also later to uh 2019 when there is a similar price action almost identical and so far it's been exactly the same. Okay. So we have to the upside a liquid rune and a liquid rune what it is essentially is a force move in a fake direction in the opposite direction in order to two things hit a stop- losses and liquidations of the right direction of the trade. So those guys don't make money because when those guys make money, where are they taking those profits from? From the exchange. All right? So you guys know that I think that there is a lot of manipulation between exchanges and market makers to not let traders make money because those are the real players. You know what I mean? So they have the ability and the access to to huge amounts of volume that they can play against us. Okay? And there is a thing that never changes and that's human psychology. So when traders see a range with a with a range high resistance, very strong resistance and then you see a breakout like this, people think this a breakout. People are longing here, this retest expecting price to go higher. Okay, so imagine the amount of longs that were open in this zone and that now have been either uh stopped or liquidated. Okay, but also you have to imagine guys that any person that was trading towards the long week and it was opening shorts at the range highs with this pump above the range highs, it got stopped stopped out because they have their stop losses right above resistance. That's the way traders trade. And that is something that I'm trying uh to change myself. That is the way that we trade. I think it's time that that we notice how the markets really behave that it's a big player taking money from smaller players and it's based on human behavior. Okay. So, um the my way is you know I'm expecting a liquidity to run and then I'm not opening longs here. What I'm doing instead is waiting for either price to break past these resistances. Here is where I will be open my longs because 100K will be a level where a lot of buy orders from also institutions will be coming in and they will be held in price above it. Okay. The same as it happened previously until we break out after testing at support three four times. Okay. or what I was expecting and this was my main scenario is that this was allocated to room because price need to go to this long week and for that to execute that trade I need to see price going back into the range when that happens to misconfirming that that was a deviation that was a liquidity run we are back trading inside the range and if we are trading the range and we are range highs the most likely scenario is that price goes back to the range lows so that's where I open my shorts and that's what I said the other day in my last video. I set my two triggers very clearly. It was basically this what I said and also I updated you on my telegram channel with a voice note um telling you to be cautious about this move. Telling you cautious that this is likely not going to be a breakout. And if it is then we need to see price above 100K. And I told you also that my most likely scenario was price to drop back inside the range where I'll be opening shorts. Okay. and not sooner for the risk of trading against momentum because at this point you didn't know if this was a breakout or a liquidity run. Okay, for that you need confirmation. By the way, I also want to tell you down in the description you're going to find a link to my Telegram channel. So that's my official link. You're going to find official links always in the descriptions of my videos on YouTube or on my bio on X that which is my link tree. Those are all my official links because there are a lot of fake channels with even more members than my real channel because they pay bots to make it look bigger. Okay? So, be careful with that. Those guys are are going to try to scam you with fake VIP memberships charging you $100,000. So, they're not they're not going to give you any content. They're going to scam you. So, make sure to follow always the official links I provide. Okay? Uh careful with that. And basically what I do think that it's going to happen now essentially is that you know if price is trading back inside the range it's likely going to go to the range lows. It's a fact. And if it's going to go to the range lows in this area then might as well drop an extra 2% one 2% to fill at least the 50% of this long week. Basically what I think is that I think we're going to trade into this box. That's the most likely scenario. And then at this level when we are in this box here is what I'll be looking for either a real reversal which I would be expecting maybe price to even sweep these lows. That's why the box is a bit below the local low because I'm giving a space for a potential sweep of the lows. So if price does a sweep of the lows and recovers the local low, that's what I'll be attempting to long again. Okay? And I'd be looking to trade back inside the range once again towards the range size, the local resistance. But you have to be cautious because let me put you in the weekly time frame and I'm going to explain it to you here better. You have to be cautious because if price drops below this local low and consolidates a bit here for a few days is telling you that this area here this consolidation is lost and price is going to find continuation towards 74k where at this level I'll be clearly expecting and this is to me my most bearish scenario. I don't see price going any lower than this. What are we expecting here is a sweep of the lows and then reversal back to the highs because that's what happened to Nvidia. Okay, you can see here exactly how it happened. Sweep of the lows, reversal back up. Okay, if you go to Google, you're going to see the same. You're going to see the same here. Okay, sweep of those lows and price goes up. All right. And if you go to I don't know if Netflix did it too. If you go to Netflix also did it here. Okay, if you go to Netflix, you can see that sweep of the lows and then price goes and runs to new highs. So that'll be expecting exactly for Bitcoin. Okay, let me put this one and let's go back to the daily time frame and I'm going to take you to 2019. It's exactly here I have it marked. Let me go there. You're going to see exactly the same price, the same price action. Okay? You're going to see the liquid rune that we talked about liquidity rune deviation above the range highs drop which is a big red candle. That's what I'm expecting follow by a big green candle recovery. Okay, that's what I'm essentially expecting. Then from here price dropped again. I don't know what will happen there. Again, if price finds consolidation below this area, then it's dropping lower. But if we see a straight away some kind of recovery and price gets back above this area, above these lows, we are back in the train in the range, that's a safe area to long towards at least the range highs. Okay? Potentially you could take some some of the position here and let it and the rest let it run higher where you could take more profits there. Okay, look here also if you notice there is a perfect liquidity pool that is this one here and that's exactly where price found a reaction and dropped again. Okay, so that's you can see that price always trades towards imbalances towards liquidity. And the last thing I want to say, let's go back to the current price action. And the last thing I want to say is that to support the idea of this liquidity rune, I don't know if you guys remember, I was pointing out at the liquidations at 96K. Do you remember? Well, if you notice price went to 97K and then dropped basically hit all those liquidations. It retested the weekly 50 resistance, got rejected there after hitting all the short liquidations. And now price is basically attacking the long liquidations. It's basically a way to trade liquidity to liquidity. The exchanges and market makers all they want to do is to make money. So it's normal that they are always going to go for stop- losses and and liquidations. And it's the way I've been always trading for the past I don't know how many years. And and and the results are there. How is it possible that somebody gets this projection right? If if those ideas and that theory of the price and the market has been extremely manipulated, it's false. Obviously, then it might have some truth. You know what I mean? So now basically what we want to do is we're going to go to high block capital and we're going to look for liquidations. We want to try to see if there are short liquidations or long liquidations. I'm expecting long liquidations because the short liquidations have already been hit and a lot of longs have been open here between 97K and 95K. All right. So, let's have a look at Hypo Capital. So, I'm in Hypo Capital and what I see in the low time frame is that when price was above 95K, 96K, there were a lot of liquidations, long liquidations showing at 94K. Those are basically from high leverage traders opening longs with high leverage to trade a breakout. Those guys were hit also a 92k. You can see that that's a liquidation cascade that happened really quick that move and it was basically to hit long liquidations. At the moment low time frame we haven't given it time enough time for no for new liquidations to appear. But in high time frame we can see that the liquidations are clearly to the downside still. Okay. And you can see that they are all concentrated in this area here of 86K and price is currently at 91K. So this is still quite a drop until we hit all those long liquidations which I would imagine that they are next. Okay. So I would expect over the next coming weeks or days there is going to be volatility towards this long liquidations. Okay. Now let's go back to price. Going back to the price action, price has already dropped from the highs 6%. Okay, from here we're expecting price to drop another 10%. Okay, that is basically my projection. Also, I want to show you something and is that I don't know if you watch the video that I was analyzing alcoins, those were XRP and Solana. If we check Solana, Solana, it's on its way to drop from the range highs to the range lows as we expected. Okay. And that would be basically price dropping 13% which already has done almost 12%. So we are basically there. Okay. Basically this first part of the projection has been completed. And the second part that is a bounce from there depends pretty much on Bitcoin whether if he holds 80K or not. All right. Obviously if 83K is lost this is going to go much much lower. And for XRP we're are basically in the same thing. We were expecting XRP to drop sharply because when XRP pumps aggressively compared to the rest of the alcoin market, that is usually a reversal sign for Bitcoin and for the whole market. Don't ask me why. I don't know, but it's something that we've been noticing for years. Okay? And that's why in in that video, if you go back to that video of analyzing XRP and Solana, you'll come across my idea of price retracing at 20%. Which essentially already has you can see that right now we're only filling the week that retested that level. All right. So first part of the projection completed since January 5th until January 20th. So in two weeks we analyzed a 20% drop in XRP. All right. So, today I'm going to talk about Netflix in a voice note on Telegram. So, feel free to join. I think we're almost reaching 20,000 members. So, that'll be a reason to to celebrate. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you