Hello everybody, hope that you're good. This video's an update of what I've been saying on X and my last YouTube videos over the last month or few weeks. Just to clarify, I still think the same thing. I I'm still going with my primary scenario, okay? And basically, I do not think that Bitcoin can recover in a straight line up from here. I don't think it's going to recover like this towards all-time highs. I think that it's more likely that first we come towards this area between 83K and 79K. That is my take. Again, I might be wrong. This my idea just for you to criticize it. But I do see that this is an area that's more likely because well, we've been ranging here for over the last 2 months. And to be honest, every time we come to the local resistance, price drops sharply. You can see that there, okay? Every time. It hasn't changed. What you've seen here is a very clean rejection. All right? So, what I also see here at the range lows is this very long week in the daily time frame. Now, I'll remind you that 96% of long weeks tend to get filled in all time frames sooner or later. So, not believing that this week is going to get filled it goes against the odds, okay? So, I'm loyal to my system and if I see a long week in any time frame, this daily time frame, I do believe that it's likely that it acts as a magnet for price to go back there, okay? Now, when we've been rallying here from the from the mid-range, I've been saying, I think we'll either get a rejection from the local resistance like previously or it's possible that maybe price does a liquidity run a bit higher towards the weekly 50 MA 96K and 97K. Now, it could still happen if price recovers from here, you could see that liquidity run, but again, I would be expecting this area to act as a resistance and price to drop. My invalidation would be if price gets above the high time frame resistance 100K because that is an area that you can see price likes to hold at least for some time. So, I would be expecting that if price gets back above 100K, it's going to become a real support. All right? It's a psychological level where there will be a lot of new buy orders and it would hold price above that level, okay? But again, that's not my main scenario. My main scenario is that we are either seeing a rejection from the local resistance on from this potential liquidity run that could still happen, okay? And from there, price should go down towards this area here, okay? To recover and fill this long week. And maybe here you could start to see that sweep of the lows, okay? Or some consolidation in this area. Or price losing this area and going to the next support. Now, if price was to break through and below this local low of 80K without the sweep of the lows, so if price was consolidating below 80K for quite a long time, then the next likely scenario is that it goes down to 74K. Now, if we go into the weekly time frame, and I'm going quite fast because I don't want to take too much of your time, guys. But if we go into the weekly time frame, and this is just, you know, me repeating what I've been saying over the last few weeks, is that you have a potential sweep of these lows, okay? At 74K. That would be the sweep, recover price back to all-time highs. It's exactly the same as Nvidia and Google has done. Let's check very quickly. You've seen these charts many times, but there you go. Sweep of those lows and then all-time highs. You go to Google, you're going to see the same. Here, okay? You see price sweeping these lows and all-time highs. So, Bitcoin could be up to the same thing. If it Bitcoin repeated it, it would be that sweep of the lows of 74K, could go to 73, 72K, then recover the level and all-time highs. I don't think that 2026 is likely going to be bullish. I do not see a 75% bear market like previously. We are so far in a 35% drop, okay? 75% would take price to around 30K. I don't I do not really see that at all. I think that the lowest Bitcoin could go 40%, okay? And that is only 5% extra from the current local low. And it would be that sweep of the lows. But again, I do not think that that's going to happen next. Not because I see that unlikely, but because price hasn't even got to break the current range, okay? If price starts to break through here, then we can talk about it. But right now, you know, why would we talk about it if we are above a current support, a tight range? We haven't seen any break or any breakdown. No signals. So, why would I jump into conclusions? Right now, all that I care about is in the short mid-term analysis this area between 83K and 80K. So, um I've received some criticism and again, I don't mind it at all when you say arguments I to explain the other side. In fact, I really enjoy that, but to be honest, when I say that this was a clean rejection in on X in the last post and some people are insulting you straight away, it it makes you think that the market sentiment when we see even a 5% pump, it it really changes. So, why not? Why when if if we do this kind of drop, the market sentiment would sweep to the other side. And if I'm going to call here this time here that sweep of the lows, I know it's going to happen the opposite. The people here are going to also going to insult me, okay? That's the market sentiment and that is why any trader needs to be able to control their emotions because they're going to play against you, okay? All we have is the chart and we play with it. So, that's pretty much everything, guys. I don't want to take too much of your time. Right now, we are waiting for a drop to 83K, 80K. Again, this liquidity run, it could still happen, but the truth is that this looks like a good clean rejection. So, I wouldn't be surprised at all if price starts to something like this and drop straight away to this area, all right? So, that's pretty much what I've been saying. And at the moment, I'm still feeling very comfortable with my previous ideas, so I'm still sticking to them. No need to change them. Nothing has changed in Bitcoin really, okay? So, I'm still going uh with the same. Now, if we also check what we talked in the previous videos, it was XRP. XRP, it pumped 30% here, okay? When all the altcoins were pumping maybe Solana 11%, Chainlink 13%, AVAX 16%, but XRP and Doge, both of them were pumping 30% more than the rest of the altcoin market. And I also said that when that happens with XRP and or Doge, is when Bitcoin tends to retrace back down, okay? And it's an old trick, but it seems like it's still working. In the last video, we were calling for an immediate retrace of XRP of all this pump and so far it's already retraced 50% of it in just a couple of days, you know? So, with XRP, I'm going with the same. I think that we're still going to see $1.90 quite soon. It's it's price action is what it tends to do. And Solana, I see the same, okay? We were saying that at this level here, 145, there was a strong resistance and it was likely that if Bitcoin was going to drop again towards 82K, 80K, Solana also needs to drop at least back to the support. Likely could print another deviation. Okay? And then recover. So, so far I'm still going with the same ideas, guys. If something changes, I'll let you know and maybe I change my my analysis, but so far I'm going with the same idea, okay? So, yeah. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.