Hello everybody. Hope that you're good. In today's video, I'm going to analyze Solana and XRP for let's say over the next few months. And in order to do that then I have to first uh bring Bitcoin again. Okay. So um quick recap of what I was talking yesterday's video is that I don't expect to see Bitcoin recovering a straight line from here. Uh it could happen and I would change my mind. I mean validation idea would be if price can get above the high time frame resistance. So 100K because then 100K would act as a psychological level of support and then that's when Bitcoin could start to go higher. Okay. But I don't really see that very likely scenario. I see more likely that this move from the mid-range is a room for liquidity to trap traders hit short stop- losses and liquidations that we've seen yesterday on on the liquidations on chain data. That that's what has been happening. they are hitting short liquidations and there are some more around 95 96k. So price could likely go there. That could be a deviation above the top of the of the range like it happened in October 2019. Exactly the same chart and then price could retrace again on this move. And if you've noticed here you have a daily week okay around 83k is the 50% of the level. So price could go there and then bounce from there or could even sweep the lows and then you know start to form that recovery from there. I see that as a more likely scenario at the moment. Um that's what I'm going for now. Also you have here the weekly 50 MA and 97K 98K. So that's going to be also a resistance. Let's just say that Bitcoin is right now at a very strong resistance level. Well area between 94,000 and 100K. Okay. So um that being said now if we go to XRP the first thing that I want to show you is that it has been experiencing a very strong pump this week. Okay, if you've check over the last 7 days, it's been pumping over 30%. Which is insane when you have, you know, maybe Solana uh pumping uh 11%, AVAX maybe 16%, um Link 13 14%, and then you have XRP pumping 30%. You also have Dodge pumping 28%. Shiva another 30%. Um, if you've been here uh for a long time, you might have noticed or you might have heard me saying that historically and statistically, this is quite a fun fact, but it happens when XRP and Dodge they pump a lot more than the rest of the assets of the crypto assets. That means that this could likely be a force move that is going to get retrace. Usually when you see Bitcoin pumping say six 7% and then you have XRP pumping over 30% while the rest of the alcoin market is not giving you those big returns like XRP or Dodge. It means that usually that boom is going to get retraced. Okay, that's what I'm thinking. Now if you've noticed not everything is bad because we're in a very tight range since December of 2024. That's over a year right now exactly. So one year of price been you know testing resistance and support more support than resistance which is a good thing over the last year. That means that it's very difficult that XRP sees lower prices in my opinion. is very difficult that it breaks below this range especially because I don't see Bitcoin having a bare market um like the previous ones of 75% drops in the bare market right now if we go very quickly back to Bitcoin and I'm sorry I don't want to spend much time on Bitcoin but if you've noticed what has been happening here it's already been dropping 35% and in my opinion the lowest that I can see Bitcoin going do would be below this low. Okay, that would be a sweep of these lows, recovery, and price going up because it's exactly the same that we've seen in Nvidia and in Google. Okay, you can see in Nvidia that that's what happened here. Exactly the same. All right, sweep of the lows and price goes up. And if you go back to Google, you're going to see the same thing here. Okay, price sweep these lows. There you go. and then price goes up. So that's what I'm seeing exactly the same in Bitcoin as a worst case scenario if the bottom is already not in. All right. So um that is uh my view on Bitcoin at the moment and that doesn't affect my XRP and my Solana view because what I'm seeing here is that it is difficult to see XRP going into a bare market you know of going back to let's say 70 or 80 cents. I I I really don't see that happening. That would be around should be around 90% um bare market. Well, let's say 80%. You know, I don't really see that happening in 2026, right? Um, so what I see in XRP to likely happen is that this pump gets retrace potentially back to the well, I would say that it's going to go back to this support of 190 or so and potentially this could be one, two, three drops. Okay, the market likes to behave in freeze around 170 as max pain scenario and then from here start to recover back to the range highs. All right, but um be cautious because I know that many people are going to see XRP, you know, uh pumping this heart and I want to start to join very close to price maybe around here. Um most likely it's going to break through it. you can do it, but just make sure to to be able to close the trade very quickly if it goes against you. Okay? And then you can consider to reopen longs at least around these areas over here. Okay? That's what I would do uh with XRP. But yeah, I see XRP uh going uh quite a lot higher than we've seen over the next year. I do think that the bull market is not over. I do see again a similar chart as Nvidia or Google. That's what I see at the moment with Bitcoin. I don't see a 75% per market. I see a recovery from either a sweep of the lows of 80K or the most scenario would be a sweep of the lows of 74K. I don't see any lower than that. Um, so for XRP is what I've said. We're in a very tight range for a year. Careful this point that could get retrace and then from here let's see where Bitcoin is. Let's see if Bitcoin pulls that move that we're talking about and then the rest of the market along with Bitcoin can start to have a proper recovery. Now, if we go to Solana, we're going to see a very similar case and is that we are also been for a range, but it's been even a longer range. It's been for two years. Okay, two years of of ranging insane Solana between 250 and 125. All right. So what essentially I see here is that this I'm going to remove this so it's a bit cleaner. What I essentially see here is that it's very difficult again that Solana breaks below this range and has 80 90% bare market. I don't really see you know some people might talk that this could be a bad simul in high time frame. I don't really see that considering the context that we are seeing at the moment. I think that this is more likely to be a move up sideways move, a consolidation sideways move before the next leg up. That is what I see more likely to happen considering the broader macroeconomic context um the Bitcoin chart at the moment. But that's my opinion for you to criticize. So I accept that many don't agree with me. That's completely fine. It's only my opinion. So with Solana what I'm seeing is the same. Okay, very tight range. Price shouldn't price is is normal that price does these deviations. You can see that it does a lot of deviations below the below the range lows, but it recovers it very quickly. So in the case that Bitcoin drops again, we could see why not we could see Solana printing another deviation. It is possible. Okay, I don't know if it's going to be held by the by 125 range lows or if it will drop slightly lower. Okay, but what I do see is that eventually and this is what matters. What I see eventually is that it's going to break this resistance that we are seeing right here and once it does then it has you know a lot of areas to recover. You can see a lot of liquidity pools in this area. Liquidity pools are um very big candlesticks that well candle bodies really that are kind of like um what is starting a move into one direction and in that area there is always liquidations in high time frame. Okay. So you can see in here in here in here this one is been perfectly recovered but we see that there are a few more to recover. So once it clears 145, in my opinion, that is when Solana could start to see some more upside. All right. But again, if Bitcoin pulls the move that I think it might do, it's very likely, let me remove this. It's very likely that Solana hits the resistance, drops back down, retrace part of this move or most of it. Okay? And then from here start again. Okay? That's what I see that is more likely that happens. So, and overall I'm bullish again as I said into 2026. Also, if we go into the Bitcoin dominance, I have a chart here that has been playing out uh pretty consistently with my last uh projections. You can see here different projections in different time frames. But let's focus on this one deviation above this um area here that you can see that it used to be a previous support that now has become a resistance. So what I was printing was a deviation above the area then drop test it as resistance. That's exactly what it happened in this area here. You can see it. Okay. And then drop lower. Okay. And in the more midterm what I saw from here was pretty much the same. Okay. Pump up to hit the resistance is the weekly 50 MA. You can see how the weekly 50 MA is acting at resistance and then price drop. Okay. Well, the index, the Bitcoin dominance is not a price really. Um, so yeah, I do think that 2026 have a lot to uh still give in the crypto market. Uh maybe unpopular opinion, but I I really don't care. It's just my my personal take. So, that's pretty much everything, guys. Tell me if you like the video or if you want me to chart any other alcoin or or whatever you want me to chart. So, thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.