Hello everybody. I hope that you are good. It's been a long time. I was missing you guys. But I had some family visiting me from very far away. It was a long distance. They had to take a couple of flights. So, I wanted to spend time with them. And I had a lovely week. I hope that you all did too. But now we're going to go back to normality. I'm going to be bringing these daily Bitcoin updates uh from now on. So, I hope that you enjoy them. We're going to go now through the charts, okay? What I see here is that Bitcoin has moved pretty nicely. Um to be honest, I've missed most of this move, okay? During this move up, I only took two uh small trades. All right. So, uh it's a shame, but I'm not worried because, you know, uh I had a lovely time. Um I'm sure that in the next weeks we're going to have lovely opportunities, too. All right. But what I can see here, uh if I remember correctly, we were saying that we were in this range here. Okay? So, if we mark it, it would be something like this. Okay? We were in this range here. You had a uh a small deviation here to the upside. Then uh big deviation to the downside. And now you can see the price has breaking out to the upside. Okay? Now, the problem with this move, okay? First, is that I see a lot of inefficiencies here. Check out these liquidity pools over here, okay? You got some here. Well, not That one is retraced, actually. You can see that one is you know, retraced to the dollar. But it doesn't matter. You still have some here. That's one. That's another one. More here. Um to be honest, even inside this range, you know, there are some more of the inefficiencies. So, that's the first thing that I don't like about the chart. It seems that we are overextended, but Bitcoin seems to still have some momentum to the upside, okay? So, we're going to go through that in a minute. Let me remove all of this. That's better. Um more things. If we go into higher time frame, let's go to the daily time frame. We can see that here there is a big we're in a big resistance zone, okay? Um I would say that it's this zone over here. Okay? Because you can see that in this zone you know, this was support, support, support. Again here, support, support, support. We come here support, support, resistance, resistance. Um now we are again here. Again here, resistance, and we're back into this zone. Okay? What is this telling me? Well, this is telling me something very simple, and it's telling me that if we break above this zone here okay? That's above 32,700, then I'm sure if this can sort of have another run higher. Okay? Now, this is for, you know, swing traders and higher time frame. We're not in this zone here still. So, what we're going to be planning now is what can we do until we get here, if we do so, okay? So, uh that's the first thing that I see in higher time frame. 32,700-ish. Break above this zone, and you can have another lovely uh run higher. Cuz to be honest, you can see here some more liquidity pools, okay? Check out those three liquidity pools, and this will take you all the way to 39k. Uh this one is 35k, and this one is 34k. So, you could be targeting these levels, okay? If you can break above 32,000 uh 700-ish. All right? That's what I see in higher time frame. Um let me remove this. Now, if you go into a smaller time frame well, into lower time frame. If you go into the 4-hour time frame you can see that the 50 EMA is uh catching up with the current price. That could be, you know, a nice I would like to see, to be honest, some kind of um, retrace here and test it as a support. Maybe you can see some correlation some consolidation and price can continue higher, okay? But, I think it's quite important that we test this 4-hour 50 MA. I don't know if we will, okay? But, that's what I'm trying to to say, okay, for giving a confirmation that if we have the support, price can have another run higher. Okay? That's in the 4-hour time frame. Now, in the 1-hour time frame, you will remember the Sunday update, okay? What we're saying that the 1-hour 50 MA could push price down. That's what it did. Also, we had here this range. Check the the orange lines. That's your range high. That's your range low and that's your the middle of the range, okay? And we were saying that if the 1-hour 50 MA pushed the price down, then we were going to probably get inside the this range here, you know, hit the top of the range and continue lower. Um, well, to be honest, the top of the range didn't play out that well. I mean, it played out here as a support, sorry. Again, here as support. But, really, price didn't really want to come lower, okay? You can see here. It didn't really want to come lower. So, this was the projection that, um, I posted on the Sunday update. Uh, didn't get all the way to the range close, to be honest. That was, um, my range close was 29,100 and price went 29,100. So, that's $100 difference only, okay? But, it didn't really get there. It just stayed, if you notice here, look at these three weeks, okay? They found support in the middle of the range at 30K. Also, psychological number. Many orders at 30K, remember? Um, that's how it usually plays out. So, now price seems to, you know, go trying to go to the upside. Um to be honest, what I see here in the shorter term, this is, you know, talking for today and tomorrow, it's not looking good for Bitcoin. I'm going to tell you why. I'm going to tell you that, you know, if you notice here, in all this way here, your resistance was the 50 minute one hour time frame. Now, if you've noticed, here it was a um you know, it went above it, but then it flipped this to a support. And now we're going to look for the same, okay? I would like to see Well, it actually did here, to be honest. It actually tested as support already. So, what it's telling me here that if the one hour 50 minute MA keeps being the old support, then we're going to go, you know, higher to the end of tomorrow. Where to? Well, um the first target that I had in mind was hit. This is liquidity pool over here. Hold on. Liquidity pools have to be blue. Otherwise, they don't play out. All right. That was the first target, this liquidity pool. Now, it has created a new liquidity pool. So, it might again retrace this whole candle. We'll see what it does, okay? But to the upside, you have something pretty interesting, okay? First, you have this liquidity pool over here. Okay? That's at 30,900. And you also have if you go into the four hour time frame, like this one better, because in the four hour time frame you can see this liquidity pool here. This is where I entered my short at 31K. A short by the way, I posted it to Twitter yesterday. Um I took the short because the liquidation delta was at 40 billions worth of uh long liquidations. Also, um the volume of this candle uh uh of this red candle was the same volume as this green candle. So, that was telling me that that was pressure to the downside. But, uh I posted yesterday on Twitter that I booked some profits in this zone here at 30,100, I think it was, because the delta went back to normal, okay? All those long liquidations have been hit in all this way down. So, that was a reason to take some profits. And then I set um the stop loss of the rest of the position above the 1-hour 50 MA. That was hit in this candle here. So, right now I'm out of the position, okay? I'm not in any position at the moment. Uh I'm going to try to look for longs. That's what I'm going to do uh between today and tomorrow, okay? It's going to be a small longs because with all these inefficiencies, you know, and price is at the highs, uh I don't like to go long in here, okay? I don't like to go long at the highs. Usually, this is what I'm looking for reversals, if you know how I trade, because that's what is going to give you the biggest return. But, it's true that the trend right now, you know, it's a still quite a strong. I don't see the signs of weakness at the moment. So, it's not telling me nothing is telling me to go into a swing short, you know, and target 27K at the moment. No. Uh that's why I'm thinking that I'm going to favor longs in this um couple of days for two reasons, okay? The first reason is this liquidity pool at 31,200. Um it might get it might get hit. Also, uh let me change this for you. I want to see the 1-hour 50 MA. There you go. Uh because that's our current support, in my opinion. So, as long as we are above the 1-hour 50 MA, then I'm going to favor longs. Okay? And my areas are going to be this liquidity pool here. And also the liquidity pool that we saw here in the 1-hour time frame, that is this one, okay? But, if you go into the 4-hour time frame, we have a wick. All right? So, we're going to favor the week. All right? So, uh the 50% of the week is 30,900. Okay? That's the 50% of the week. So, that's what we're going to favor, okay? As long as we are above the 1-hour 50 MA, then let me remove this cuz we've hit it. Then, I'm going to favor, you know, higher prices towards the 50% of this week. And if we go higher, then this liquidity pool at 31,200. And to be honest, this would be a very nice move. Cuz imagine if we come again, you know, to the 50 MA in the 1-hour timeframe. Uh this would be a nice uh 1 and 1/2% or even 2 and 1/2% move, okay? Now, if you pull, you know, a bit of leverage, uh imagine times five leverage, this could be a 10% profit, okay? Or a 6% profit. So, that's what I'm going to look for today and tomorrow. Now, I'm going to go into Hyblock Capital. Let's see if we can find something interesting there. We're in Hyblock Capital in the liquidation levels. Let's have a look at the delta. There you go, it's at zero. As I was saying, back to normality, okay? So, it's not telling me much. It's not telling me what position is at risk. It's not telling me that if longs or shorts are at a risk, so it don't tell me much, okay? I cannot really take much from this. But, what I can tell from this is that I can see more spikes of liquidations to the upside. Check out the right of the chart, okay? Uh I mean, it's quite even, but I see more liquidity to the upside in here, okay? And these are high leverage traders that have gone into shorts because they're trying to short the top. All right? Um you can see here at this level, that's the closest to the current price, 31,200. And also here, you have 31,478. Of course, uh I've been a bit higher, but that would be making new highs. So, for now I'm only going to be looking at these two because that's where my liquidity pool is at. Okay? So, that's what it's telling me. It's not telling me much, but if I had to choose, I think it's telling me that there is a slightly more liquidity to the upside, at least for now. Now, let's go into the heat map. Let's start with the 12-hour time frame. Let's see what is going on in this zone. Okay. You can see a lot of liquidity in the chart here. To the upside, 30,825 zone, okay? So, you can see in this zone over here, there is quite a lot of liquidity. You see? So, I think many New York session is going to be quite interesting because we also have some liquidity to the upside 31,200 zone. If I had to choose, uh I would probably say that it's more likely that we hit this zone today. All right. So, I think this New York session is going to be quite interesting. I think at least one of these two zones is going to be hit, or even both, we'll see. But, I'm favoring higher prices. Let's go now into the 7-days time frame. Nothing really going on here. I mean, again, for this move up, you can see there's still some liquidity a bit higher. Uh we have here a yellow bar at 27,700, but uh it seems quite far away from the current price. So, I'm not going to pay much attention to it just now. And then in the 1-month time frame, again, liquidity to the to the downside, 24,600, but remember that high block only adds liquidations, okay? It doesn't remove liquidations because they don't know when, you know, traders are closing their positions. So, this liquidity here might be a bit misleading, okay? Um I don't know. Do you really think that guys that had, you know, that liquidation at 24,600 having closed their positions yet. I'm not sure, okay? I think probably yes, so I'm not really trusting this number. That's why you will never see me, you know, saying that there is 20 billions of short liquidations at this level and from the liquidation heat map because high block doesn't, you know, remove liquidity, only adds liquidity. Uh that's one thing. Now, if you go into the 3 months time frame, this chart, I love it. It's very interesting chart. Let's go there. You can see that the market maker has been hitting the liquidity to the upside non-stop, right? Check out this. You have here all this liquidity to the upside and they've just, you know, pushed price up hitting all these liquidations and it's still, you know, there is a lot more liquidity to the upside because you have here 32K, but also, of course, when you're at 32K, there is going to be more liquidity appearing in these zones. So, it's kind of like a snowball, isn't it? Um now, what I'm waiting here is to see, you know, a shift of momentum. That's when you can try to jump into showing shorts. And at least for now, you see here a range, but you're not seeing any weakness for Bitcoin to drop and go maybe even here at 24K. You don't have any strong signal that tells you that Bitcoin is losing momentum, at least for now. The most interesting part for me, I would say is the 12 hours time frame, at least for today, because here, you can see some targets to the upside and to the downside. You know, so if you start to see Bitcoin rolling over from here, then you can expect that they're going to take this zone, but until that happens, we're going to favor higher prices. We're going to think that 30,800 is the zone that the market maker is going to take today, okay? To hit all those liquidations. So, this is the chart that I'm going to keep an eye on for today, okay? As long as the 1-hour 50 MA, yes, I said 1-hour 50 MA holds at support as it is now, you know, we that was a resistance, we flipped resistance into support. We are right now above the 1-hour 50 MA. So, as long as that support holds and we're above it, then we're going to favor higher prices. We're going to favor this wick here to get filled at 30,900 and the second target would be this zone over here that last style liquidity pool at the highs of 31,200, right? That's what we're favoring today to happen, well, between today and tomorrow. Again, as long as we are above the 1-hour 50 MA. If we lose again the 1-hour 50 MA, then, you know, uh probably we see some sideways here in this zone here. Maybe it'll make a new range and some more consolidation, but as long as we're in the 1-hour 50 MA, I can't really favor a correction, right? And I'm telling you, do I think that these liquidity pools are going to get retrace sooner or later? I mean, probably yes, okay? I would say yes. I believe they're going to get retrace at some point, but for that you need to wait and find a shift of momentum. And the momentum right now is still going. I don't see any weakness in the chart. But when we see that weakness, then that's where we can take advantage of these liquidity pools as targets, okay? And yeah, again, prices don't go up like this in one go. Price, you know, tends to retrace, then continues higher. That's how the market moves, okay? If you go and check the charts, that's what you see, okay? Check out this. You think that at this point here they don't want you were at 24K? People believe that we're going to go again to 19K? Well, sorry, to yeah, 19,500? Of course not, but that's how price moves, okay? Price goes up, then it retraces, then continues higher, okay? So, that's what what we're looking for here, okay? Price could continue going higher, retrace, then we can see another move higher, another retrace. Maybe here you see a shift of the downtrend. Who knows, okay? But, you can already jump into swing shorts because you think that price is going up. That's not how the market works, and that way, if you try to challenge the trend, you're going to get burned, all right? So, uh that's pretty much everything I want to say today. I'm trying to continue posting these two updates during this week and the following weeks. Thank you so much for watching, guys, and I'll see you soon.