Hello everybody. Hope that you're good. Today we are not talking about Bitcoin. Today we are talking about copper. Yes, copper. I've said several times this year that I'm very bullish on this metal. I've been buying it over the past two years in a monthly basis. So um now this year is starting to to pay off all the all that investment. But what I want to do with this video is to explain why I think that cop is still going to go much higher in 2026 and 2027 and why practically every single investor should consider having it in their portfolio. Of course, you know, all the metals market is going up. You have gold, silver, platinum, alltime highs, also copper. And it's pretty much because you know the expectations for inflation are still quite high or governments are very responsible. They continue printing money to and that increasing the debt while devaluating or fiat currencies. You can see how the euro the dollar the pound have lost a lot of power over the last you know say 5 10 years non-stop really and it's going to continue doing so. So the metal markets are a great hedge against inflation. That I would say is the number one reason why the metal market is going up. Now also the other thing about copper is that if you pin these highs here, this resistance, you can see how it's been tested one, two, three times. Okay? Then it broke out. We didn't get that fast rejection like we did in all previous times. So when you start to see that something is changing, you're starting to see this consolidation over here. That means that there is something different than Praise when I break out. We saw the same with the Bitcoin dominance in that very tight range in the weekly time frame. You can go back and have a look, but pretty much the same thing. Why also knew at this point that copper was going to break out. Now you have it at $12,000 the tone alltime highs. Again, I don't think it's gonna continue to go much higher over the next two years. I'm looking for Okay, and again, maybe this doesn't happen, but what I'm looking for is, as you can see, every single time that price goes up in a very overextended way, you see some retraces. Okay, you saw those. So what it could happen now is that in the worst case scenario that copper goes back down. I would expect this previous resistance to become the new support. You also want to have the weekly 50 MA coming that way. Okay, and acting as support. This level should hold and then price should continue going up. Okay, I'm expecting it to go around 17 to $18,000 atone over the next two years. Okay, 2027 target. So, uh, that that's pretty much to tell you how bullish I'm on copper. I've been buying it since $8,000 a ton. So, that'll be practically a atomist 2. All right. Uh, that's what I'm trying to to achieve and I and I'm pretty sure I will. Several reasons. Let's start with them. Is AI. Do you guys think that AI is a bubble? That's the first question that you need to answer in if you want to invest in copper because it's very linked to it. You have to to understand that you know uh for the AI development you need to build a lot of data centers for that you need copper is the main thing that you need you know so personally I do think that AI is here to stay and it's also been proved that the biggest bish boys for AI Michael Buri saying that it was a bubble it was because at that time he was in a short in losses and he had to try to dup the market to get out of his position. that's been proved. You can have a look. Okay. Um I personally think that AI is here to stay. It continues to grow. Most companies, most big companies are adopting AI. So to me it's very clear that AI is not a bubble. Same as internet was not a bubble and is here to stay. So for that we need data centers. For data centers you need copper. Okay. More things. What about solar energy or wind energy? For that you also need copper. Now the second reason for me is solar energy also wind energy but solar energy is a different level. I'm seeing huge empty areas of land getting turn well transforming into solar panel farms. You know they are farming solar energy especially here in the European Union. It's it's insane. I mean they're closing nuclear plants and they're trying to replace all that energy with solar energy. It's it's insane. So I do think it's here to stay and for that you also need copper. And as a third reason and I don't like to speculate with these sad things but let's be honest the war in Ukraine should probably finish either in 2026 that's why I believe or in 2027 the longest. Okay. There is not much progress going on there really. Um it seems that there is not much point to continue going with that war and hopefully finishes over the next one to two years which is really what I believe will happen. right now for that you need to try to understand that copper is extremely important for the infrastructure of any city and now if they have to rebuild Ukraine all the areas that have been affected I know that for example KEF hasn't been the capital hasn't been really affected but all the east of Ukraine has been now you need to try to understand that they need to rebuild all that territory and for that you need copper I mean you have communication networks power grids, wiring, plumbing, a lot of things that copper needs needs to be used. Okay. And for those four reasons, inflation expectations are still high. So metals are going to continue to go up. AI, you need copper to build data centers to continue developing AI, solar panels, energy, and also I should include here electric cars. You can see that most car brands they are you know already have electric cars and they are uh pretty much focusing on the electric cars part because there is a lot of regulation also again especially in the European Union and China about it and also wars coming to an end and they need to rebuild the infrastructure of those countries and for that you need copper. Okay. So for those four reasons, I do believe that copper is set to continue going higher over the next one to two years in 2026 and 2027. Possibly again if you see some kind of retrace back here, I would imagine and I would expect this area to act as support. Okay. And from that I would expect price to continue going higher to around $18,000 the tone. Okay. That's around uh 40% up from here. 50% off from here. Sorry. So, that's what I'm expecting for copper. I'm very bullish on copper. Now, how can you buy copper? Well, there are many ways to buy copper. The way I do it is through ETFs. ETFs of mining companies. Okay? Why? Because if I do think that copper is a resource, a metal that is going to be very demanded over the next one to two years, you need to mine it. Okay? So I do believe that investing in ETF of miners then that should be the the most trusted way to invest in copper. So I'm personally investing myself in COP X that is the ETF of miners that I'm putting my money in over the last two years. Okay. But you also have of course you know I COP COP M those are all ETFs of miners. All right. So there are many ways to do it. Many are many exchanges and apps where you can invest money in ETFs. You're going to need KYC for all of them. But have a look where you can invest in any of these three ETFs. I would recommend you. Okay. Again, mine is COP X, but you can do it in any of them. And that's pretty much it, guys. I hope that this video is useful that it makes you think about it, makes you consider the advantages and the and the security of investing in a safer asset than Bitcoin. You know, that's diversifying like copper and what could happen over the next one to two years. Okay? So, think about it. I'm not trying to push you to invest into it. I'm only telling you, of course, this is no financial advice, but I'm only telling you what I think that copper is bullish, what I've invested myself in it, and what I do think that it's going to continue to do great over the next one to two years, and why it's a good idea to diversify. You know, you might have a crypto portfolio and I tell you, yeah, crypto is great, but it's risky, especially alcoins. I recommend you to also try to diversify into real estate. That's what I'm doing. And safer assets like metals, gold, copper, silver, platinum. Okay, so I hope I made you think about it, guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you