Hello everybody, I hope that you're good. I hope that you're having a nice end of the year. At this time of the year, I like to start to set some goals for the year to come, for 2026, because doing it this way, I'm not relying on motivation that sometimes it can last me a week, 1 month maybe, but not a whole year. Motivation doesn't last that long, you know? It comes and goes. And I do think that, you know, focusing on goals is a much more consistent way and and more reliable to I get you, you know, achieve your goals. So, I recommend you to do the same. Set some goals for next year. One of mine is to be more consistent with this YouTube channel. Let's see if I can do so. I'll try my best. Because I do think it's a very nice way to communicate and I can explain my ideas in in a much better way. But anyway, in this video, we're going to be talking about what I'm expecting for Bitcoin for the next, you know, 1 2 3 weeks, short term. All right? And I do think that we're going to see a lot of volatility. I'm going to start with that, okay? I'm going to explain to you why. So, if I get this chart over here, this is going to get a bit technical. So, I'll try my best that you can understand it in simple terms. But this chart here is talking about the gamma flush, okay? What is the gamma? The gamma basically is how many options are expiring, okay? Let's say that when there are many options open in the market, then it forces market makers to hedge their positions, okay? Because they are trading the opposite of what the retail trader does. So, the market maker needs to keep hedging all the time. That means that when price goes up, you know, market maker needs to sell. When price goes down, market maker needs to buy. It's all the time hedging. So, when that happens, you know, all you have is a very boring range. Because the market maker is not letting any breakout or break down to happen, okay? Because it needs to keep hedging those calls. Now, what is telling me this chart is that, you know, they are going to expire a lot of options today, December 26th. 46.2% are expiring today. Now, you can see how a week ago, already 20% expired. And in total, if you put these two numbers together, that's, you know, exactly 66. point 8%. Okay? Of all the the options. Okay? That's a lot. That's a gamma flush. Now, let's think that, you know, all these options open here, forcing the market maker to to establish a range, is kind of, you know, when you put a lid on a on a bottle. So, you know, you're not letting the water to come out. You are not letting the volatility to come out, you know? You are kind of blocking the volatility. But with 66.8% of gamma leaving, that is pretty much what I tell you that there is going to be a lot of volatility coming to the market. All right? So, that's pretty much what I'm trying to tell you with this chart, that expect some volatility from today. And it pretty much explains why there has been, you know, such a boring price action. And also, as I explained, December 10th is this candle here, which saw a a 12% drop within a few minutes. Something happened that day. Um Some information I got is that, you know, some market makers got caught in the volatility and they had losses. So, they had to be selling from around these levels here. They've been selling to rebalance their portfolios and now they should start, in my opinion, to buy. So, that's what I don't see very likely that price is going to go to the next support level. That, by the way, we can set it here. It is very clear the next support level is in this area. You can see that's a very strong support at 72,000 or 72,500, all right? So, obviously, if price it breaks below this low here that we have at 80,000, if it breaks below it and it stays below it, that is telling you that price should go lower, but I do think that is not very likely based on that information, okay? I do think that it's more likely that we sweep those lows. Like this is a scenario that we have here, that sweep of the lows, then go back above it, retest it as a support, and then that's when price can go up, okay? That's one a scenario. That's one trigger I have, very simple. And as you can see, um it's a scenario that I've been having here for quite some time. And so far it's been playing pretty well, you know? This high would be this one that is touching the local high at 94,500. Then you have here another pump. We could say that is what has happened recently. And soon, with all the volatility volatility coming, we should also be prepared for this scenario, okay? That it's a lower drop back, you know, retest all those lows from the 21st of November at 80,000. If that happens and we see that sweep of the lows, that retest, and and price manages to get back above it, confirm that that was a deviation, I think that'll be an excellent swing trade idea, okay? So, consider that as an option. Be open to any scenario because there is going to be a lot of volatility over the next few days. Okay? And the other scenario, very simple, guys, and is that, you know, if Let me remove this. I'm sure you've seen it in the thumbnail, but obviously is that if price manages to go up from here, I'm not going to trade this move, okay? I'm missing out this move. I'm only going long in if price sweeps the lows of 80,000, these local lows, or I'm long in if price goes up from here, gets above this local resistance that you can see has been plunging price, you know, setting up into a range for a month, okay? But if price gets back above this local resistance and test it as a support, that's to me an idea for a long, okay? To the high time frame resistance. So, pretty much 94,000 to 100k psychological That is to me a nice uh day day trade idea, okay? It's not much of a of a swing trade really, because there is not that much distance. It's maybe a 6 7 8% of price move. Because then here, obviously, at 100k, I'm expecting a lot of resistance. You can see here, one touch, two, three. And obviously, all of that consolidation there. Four hits at 100k. Also, it's a psychological level. I'm expecting that there is a lot of sell orders already placed there. And that could be a bit of a wall, let's say. So, yes, 100k should be a strong resistance. But anyway, um just to summarize, breaking above 94,000, and I'll open a long to 100k, or retesting and sweeping the lows of 80k, and that's also where I'm opening a long, okay? And then I'm expecting price goes back up to 94k. So, those are to me my two triggers for long positions. Now, let's have a look at Hyblock Capital. Let's see how the liquidity is. When I have Hyblock Capital, this is what I look at the liquidity data. And this chart is the liquidation levels. I only look at two things in this chart. One thing is the delta. You have it here at the bottom of the chart, this red mass that we see. And right now it's not giving us much information. The only thing it's telling us is that there are more shorts than longs open at the moment, but the difference is tiny, you know, 700 million. That is nothing. This is max liquidity setting. The numbers are not real. They are exaggerated, but it gives us some um idea of what is happening. In my opinion and for what I've seen with my own eyes and experience, is that when we get more than 20 25 30 billion delta in the delta of difference between shorts and longs or longs and shorts, that is giving you a clear signal of a of a squeeze, okay? But right now we don't even have a 20th of that, all right? So, irrelevant. It's not giving us any information. Now, what is giving us information is that the the the levels with the highest liquidations, the most liquid levels in the chart, those levels that, you know, if they were to get hit, the market maker would absorb the most liquidity, is to the downside, 85,000. Well, exactly is 85,700. And also, 87,500, okay? Those two levels have a lot of liquidity. Also, to the upside we have three levels, but with less liquidity, 89,600. Then we also have 89,940. So, let's say 90k. And 91.3k, 91,300, okay? So, my conclusion of this chart is that, you know, dumping price to 70 87.5k and also to 85k.7, that will release a lot of liquidity into the market. So, be open about the idea of the chart that I showed you, okay? Be open to the idea that price could, so, you know, maybe we don't see the famous Santa rally and instead what we see is some kind of a liquidity grab to um mid to low 80s first, and then price could go up. We want to see the same in this chart. These are the liquidation heat map in low time frame and you can see exactly the same thing. A lot of liquidity around 91k and to the downside 86k and 85k. Okay, that's the what we've seen. So, you know, if price could be going up is it possible that it goes down first, absorbs that liquidity and then, you know, that move to the upside could be more efficient? That's what I'm thinking, all right, at this stage of the market. And then in the high time frame liquidations, you can see that really the liquidity is to the upside, as we said, 95k. So, that's what I mean. 95k in high time frame to the upside and in low time frame maybe to 85k. So, perhaps 85k or even lower first and then price could go up to that 95k level that it's also our local resistance, remember, in a much more efficient way. That's kind of my main scenario at the moment, although I'm staying with my two triggers. Either give me a sweep of the lows of 80k, 80-81k, give me that retest and, you know, price could bounce from there. I will long in that bounce. Or if price goes up from here then 94.5k, if we go above that level and retest it as a support, then I'm open in a long there also, okay, until 100k. So, those are my two trades for this end of the year. Again, expect a lot of volatility because the gamma finishing, is getting flushed, and there is going to be a lot of more volatility because the market makers don't need to be hedging their positions so much. All right, so that's pretty much everything, guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you again on Monday.