Hello everybody, hope that you're good. This a new Bitcoin update and it's going to be an update based more on the context, on what I'm seeing in, you know, in high time frame and also a low time frame opportunity that I'm looking to trade. But, overall, I want to, you know, talk more about high time frame because we're in a very delicate level in the in the chart that could decide literally between a bull or a bear market, so we're going to be talking about it, but overall, what I'm seeing here is that we are above support. All right, so I cannot be passing pessimistic right here, okay? If we lose support, then yeah, but at this time, I'm also thinking that what is happening now, I've been thinking that this was a a probable scenario a few weeks ago. Then, I'm looking more for a bounce than, you know, losing support and continuing going lower. So, let's get started. Again, this is my opinion for you to criticize, so I'll see you in the comments, I guess, to hear your opinions. And overall, you could say that this is, you know, some kind of a downtrend, especially if you go into the 4-hour time frame, for example. You can see that we keep making, you know, lower highs and lower lows. Yes, that's a valid area. Also, we could discuss that this could be some kind of a range that will be your range highs, test as resistance twice. Your range lows could be somewhere around the 100% of this week. Right now, we could be, you know, around the range lows, give or take. But, overall, yeah, I'll buy you. In in low time frame, this is a downtrend, all right? Now, if we go and this is to me the issue. If we go into the daily time frame, I'm going to start to see, you know, some signs that we're above support and that we could see a bounce, okay? The first thing is the weekly 50-MA that it is. We are right above it. It's at 101,000. Price is right above it. So, the most likely scenario is that, you know, this could hold, but but I want to put it with more confluences. Now, no indicators, no drawings in the chart, naked chart. The first thing that I see is this week's to the downside, but price is not progressing any lower. That means that the market maker might be building longs at the lowest possible zones of these candles, which are these weeks. All right? So, so far, at the moment, I can see that there is some kind of interest in holding price above that level, which is also the weekly 50-MA. All right? potentially, you know, we could form another week over there, but at the level that I want you to keep in mind is and this is my invalidation, by the way, is if you take this low, all right? It's possible that we could see even a sweep of these lows, okay? Before price, you know, bounces. Finding acceptance below this week over here, below 92,200 would open the door to a bearish scenario, all right? That's what I'm seeing at the moment, so, you know, you have weeks to the downside, but price is not progressing any further. You are above the weekly 50-MA support. Now, it's possible that price does, you know, a deviation, a sweep of these lows, but if it does something like this instead, all right? It might drop and then it starts, you know, to consolidate, you know, for a few say, couple of days, 3 days below this area, then, you know, be scared because price could continue dropping lower towards low 90s, all right? So, that is the part that I would um make me change my my mind and stop favoring longs for shorts, all right? So, so far, I favor longs. Now, another confluence that, you know, if I take this this level here, you can see that it's a very strong support. Okay? You can see how many times price reacted at that level, okay? Countless of times, really. Being the last time, also here. The weeks that we are seeing right now, all right? So, again, for context, the daily time frame and the weekly time frame is fine. The structure is intact. However, you know, we're at a very delicate level where everything could change very quickly, so be open-minded. Now, the way that I'm trading this is, you know, let me let me take this here, is opening longs, for example, this area here. I know, it seems like it just took it perfect. This area here. I've been talking about this area on X for a few days. As you can see, it's an an area where you could imagine there are a lot of stop losses right in this area, okay? So, it's very likely that price sweep these lows. There you go. Done, all right? That area had to get taken out. When I when price was here, we knew that it was very likely that price dropped and take these lows, all right? So, at least we got that area taken. However, price could continue dropping, okay? To the lows of Let me take here, daily time frame, to the lows of June, 98,200. That's to me the lowest it can possibly go in a bullish scenario. Now, based on this, let's talk about opportunities that I see to trade. In to me, in Bitcoin, there are only two ideas that I have, two setups, okay? Two areas of interest. The first area of interest is what we've just seen right now, okay? Taking these lows. Now, that is basically a liquidity grab and now price can continue going higher, all right? That is the first level of interest. We just hit it now. Price could go up from here. It's possible. It's a fact, it's possible. Now, the second idea is taking out these lows, all right? Take out these lows, find acceptance above it again very quickly, okay? Go back above the weekly 50-MA and then price could continue going higher, all right? Just some kind of liquidity grab around the weekly 50-MA, which is something that we see often, so that is the the the two areas, in my opinion, that price could react from to the upside. And I'm I'm playing that accordingly now. Solana is, for example, a coin that I'm seeing that, if you know, if Bitcoin decides to go up from here without taking these lows from June, then I think that Solana is one that, you know, the chart is looking pretty good. So, excuse these drawings. They are kind of old. Um Solana is one that, you know, it has here some kind of, you know, range that should be your range highs. These could be your range lows, okay? You can see this kind of price action. Maybe it go a bit lower, okay? And then price could go, you know, to take, for example, this liquidity pool at 186. Okay? So, Solana is one of the coins that I would be betting now for it to go up if Bitcoin goes up after taking these these stop losses, okay? However, if Bitcoin decides to go to 98,200 and take the the lows from June, then, you know, you have to start to look for a new area of Solana to to bounce from. Um that could be somewhere around 136, 137, perhaps, okay? From what I'm seeing, I can see some support at 137. I think that will be the area that I will be looking to to engage again in longs, all right? So, that's pretty much what I'm seeing right now. Uh keep an eye on Bitcoin, which also, you know, it retrace the CME gap, as it's been doing before. You can see, we've marked these ones from previous weeks and they get filled straight away, all right? The week after, usually. That's what happened. It's very common, so right now, keep an eye on Bitcoin, see if there is a reaction from here after taking those stop losses or if it's going to go and take the lows from June, okay? 98,200. So, those are the two levels for Bitcoin. I'm still favoring longs until proven otherwise. And that would be acceptance below June's lows, okay? So, that's pretty much everything, guys. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.