Hello everybody. Hope that you are good. This video has been requested in the comment section under my last videos uh for quite a long time. So here it is. If you have any other idea, please let me know cuz I'm listening. We're going to analyze Ethereum. It's going to be my Ethereum projection or the path for Ethereum in my opinion of course uh for the next one to two months. So it's going to be quite like short midterm. Okay. Mostly focused on this first quarter of of 2026. But for that we need to analyze Bitcoin first because if Bitcoin moves down, Ethereum, Solana, doesn't matter which altcoin is also going to tend to go down. Okay, Bitcoin is the king and the market follows Bitcoin. So it's important to know what Bitcoin is going to do. And in my opinion, uh that's the case. I think it's going to go lightly down in the daily time frame towards this long week here. The minimum target I have is the 50% level of this long week, which is at 83K. And usually my targets for the quickfill strategy are either the 50% or the 100% levels. Okay. So that would be either 83k or 80k. You know that area is what I'm looking at. That is basically this red box marked here in the chart. All right. And my original projection was that Bitcoin was going to go up from the mid-range towards the local resistance where it could get rejected. That's basically what it's happened. And if you've noticed right now, it's been under the week, the daily 50 MA for the last five days and is testing it as resistance and not being able to break through, which is obviously a bad sign. Bitcoin needs to go back above the daily 50 MA soon. Otherwise, it's telling you that rejection could potentially be in play towards the local support. And if it loses that level, probably what I'm aiming at is this area here around the 50% level of this long week. Okay? at least. So careful with that. I always keep a door open for the possibility of a liquidity run first and that would be basically a false move to the upside before dropping down towards this level which in my opinion would be the real move and a liquidity run. I'm going to tell you why it's important to always consider why it could be in play and it's been proved for example with fit FTX and Anamea Research. They went to court and they lost it. found guilty for manipulation and it's something that is still happening in the market. Many exchanges have their own market maker company. So at the end is the same company you know and and that happens in many exchanges. I'm not going to say names but it happens in a lot of exchanges and and probably most of them and somehow they must be interconnected between them because price moves in the same way in across all exchanges and basically what it happens and it's a problem because this is still not fully regulated. So it is still happening a lot. It's basically that the exchange owns a market maker company. So at the end is the same company and when that happens is very dangerous because you have to think that when we traders when we are opening and closing trades in an exchange the exchange have a lot of information. They know our entry points with the limit orders. They know our liquidation levels. They know our take profits. They know our stop- losses. Okay? They have all the info because we put into the system. And it's very dangerous when the market maker can access to all of that information because it's the same company as the exchange. Okay? So the exchange can pass that information to the market maker and the market maker, you know, if they know where the level with the most liquidation is or with the most stop- losses and they have all the liquidity to be able to move price into that direction to hit that area. Of course, they're going to do it because the exchange makes money when you lose. It's a fact. The change makes money in two ways. It makes money in fees because when we trade we're generating earning um trading fees and obviously that's money for them and the biggest fee for them are the liquidations because when you get liquidated where do you think all the money goes to? Also just think that is the 100% of your current position. It's not like the stop loss that it's a percentage that you are risking. No no the liquidation is the whole position. So it's the biggest fee that the market maker and the exchange they can earn. Okay. So you can understand how that's a conflict of interest and how dangerous it can be for traders. And that's why I always try to keep my eyes open for a potential liquidity run. Okay? So be careful that this doesn't happen. And I'm projecting that it's possible to see one towards the weekly 50 MA which would be a high time frame resistance. Okay? That's around 97K 96K. So careful with that. It's still possible. It was still happening. But overall doesn't matter if price drops from here from the local resistance where we already got rejection or if price goes up and does this liquidity run first. Doesn't matter what happens from either of those two levels. I'm expecting a retrace back to the range lows back to this long week. Okay? Again, it's my opinion. I might be completely wrong. Time will tell. Um, I'm not telling you to go with my analysis because that's uh it could be completely incorrect. I'm only telling you my opinion, okay? And my analysis. So with this information that or this Bitcoin analysis that I have that I'm projecting Bitcoin to sooner or later drop back down towards 83K at least if we go to Ethereum. Okay, we can use the information to try to understand what could potentially Ethereum do according to my opinion. Okay, so basically I drew here a couple of high time frame uh supports and resistances. You can clearly see that this high time frame support comes from here. Okay, 2,400 was a very strong support. Yes, we saw deviation. Then back to test support. That will be our entry point. Price goes up. Okay, so that's a high time frame support. Same as this previous resistance here also was. Okay, that was a support then here became resistance and now recently became also support. So those two levels 2,700 let's say and 2,400 those are going to be our high time frame supports. Now in in exchange for resistances we have obviously this level here 4,750 which is very far away. In fact we could even remove this from the chart because it's really far away isn't it? And this local resistance at 3,400. You can clearly see that it's been support resistance resistance. All right. And you ultimately the thing that I wanted to mention is this. If you are talking about liquidity and liquidations are stop- losses, you need to understand that when you see a liquidity trend line as I call them and many others call them. These liquidity trend lines that are perfect. the price, you know, goes down, tested a support, goes up, goes down, support, up, down, support, up, down. Where do you think that? What do you think is happening here? Well, I can tell you I can tell you that at this level, there are going to be a lot of buy orders because people are expecting that it's going to happen the same as here that this train line acts as support. Okay, so we know for a fact that at this level there are going to be some buy orders, but also we know that there are going to be a lot of stop losses below this level. And you can see how every time that it goes higher, this area gets bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger exponentially. And it means that this area there are more stop- losses than there were here. Can you see the difference? because there are more times that ill trader traders to come into here to open a long position and they're going to be placing their stop losses here. So you have to understand that eventually and this is what usually happens price comes down and doesn't bounce from here but continues going down. Okay, hitting all the stop- losses. So be careful with that. That's what I see for Ethereum. I see that there is a big risk that Ethereum comes down to basically hit all these stop- losses. Okay, careful with that. At least I would say that is going to come back down to the high time frame support 2,700. Okay, uh that's not a board statement because that's a 14 13 14% drop. Okay. And that would be obviously only possible to happen if Bitcoin drops as I think towards 83k. Obviously Bitcoin if Bitcoin goes up from here, Ethereum will do the same. Okay? So you have to understand that those two analysis are correlated. Ethereum won't do that if Bitcoin doesn't do it first. All right? So basically for Ethereum, that's what I see. I see that there is a high risk for Ethereum to drop back to the high time frame support of 2,600 2 sorry 2,700. Now from this level the same as Bitcoin we're are going to analyze the given uh price action at the moment and the and the context that we'll have at that time and from there we'll either analyze that you know it could bounce from there or if it loses this level it goes down to the next high time frame support at 2,400. But again that is not of my concern. I'm not interested on that yet. I'm only looking at Ethereum potentially trading back to 2,700 and Bitcoin to 83K. All right, so that's all that I see on Ethereum. Shortterm, I see that it could potentially go down and then in the midterm I do see either a bounce from this time frame support at 2,700 or 2,400. There is not much difference between both of them, maybe 89%. and in high time frame I'm bullish on 2026. I've explained my arguments and my reasons on the video that is called Bitcoin 2026 price prediction. Okay, so you can go and watch it. Those are my arguments for 2026 to be bullish in a crypto market. And obviously I do see Ethereum bouncing from here or from here towards the highs. Okay, potentially even new highs. So that's what I think in terms of Ethereum and Bitcoin. Happy to being useful if if I'll only be if this is correct. So let's see. Either way, don't trade based on my analysis. Only use it as confluence. Same with any other analyst because we all could be wrong. Okay, so thank you so much for watching and I'll see you soon.