Hello everybody. I hope that you're good. Yesterday's plan worked out pretty nicely, okay? Because uh we were saying that as long as we were above the 1-hour 50 MA, then price was going to you know, we were going to favor higher prices. And our first target was going to be the 50% of the week. And if they could go above it, then the liquidity pool at 31,200 would be next, okay? Didn't get to the liquidity pool, but you can see that you know, we were above the 1-hour 50 MA, and they did another push up towards the 50% of the week. So, uh these levels, you know, that projection is completed, that level is hit. Now, you might be wondering, what do you think about this week? Let's go into the 4-hour time frame to see how it looks, okay? Maybe in the 4-hour time frame looks a bit better, but let me tell you, okay? This week here, I don't even consider it a long week. Why? Because if you compare it to the candle body, this week is not really that important. All right? Yes, it's still a $200 move, okay? So, it's a pretty nice week, but you can see here, this week here is more uh clear, okay? Because look at the candle body, and look at the week, okay? It doesn't happen the same here. Also, this is something that I always tell to the guys in the course. If a week is created, this one, to fill a previous week, then this week doesn't need to get filled. Okay? That's how the system works. By the way, I'm going to open new slots for the course next week, okay? So, stay tuned into Twitter, but that's another story. Now, the problem that I have here is that they dumped, but they didn't hit this liquidity pool first, okay? And that's a problem for me, and I'm going to tell you why. It's a problem for me because if they would have pumped, you know, filled the week like they did, then retrace also this liquidity pool, and dumped, and you know, and now we are below the 50-minute 1-hour time frame, then I would tell you guys, I'm favoring lower prices. Um I think we're going to go to this level here. Okay? Why? Because you have here some liquidity. And also because that matches with the 4-hour 50 MA. Okay? This blue line will tell you this week I'm going to go short. That's what I would tell you, okay? But uh I'm not sure, guys. Uh usually when they leave for liquidity pool like this at the highs, that is usually a signal that they're going to revisit this level. Okay? Now, the question is are they going to come again another attempt up to retrace the liquidity pool before dumping? Okay? Or are they going to leave it for later? So, for example, price could, you know, dump and then it could make another attempt to retrace that liquidity pool and then continue dumping, for example, okay? Uh that's the question that you have to ask yourself. That's what I'm trying to figure out. If they're going to try to come to this liquidity pool first before dropping. Okay? Or if you if you're going to drop first and start retracing these liquidity pools on this Look at that. They are massive, aren't they? These liquidity pools before retracing these what are the highs, okay? That's what I'm trying to figure it out. Anyway, um this week uh it's been very nice to short altcoins and I'm going to tell you why. The Bitcoin dominance, okay? This is something that I've been talking about for quite some time. Let's get there. Daily time frame. Um well, actually weekly time frame. I was telling you guys, you know, we are in this range. And this time here it didn't look the same as these previous times. Okay? Um I know some of you already have heard me saying this, but I repeat this for the new people in the channel. These times here you could see that they were sitting a week then dump, a week dump, a week dump, a week dump, one candle on a week dump. Here, they were holding at the highs. Okay? This should have made you ask yourself, you know, all those people in Twitter saying we're going to see an old season because we're going to go here. Which by the way, these are not old seasons. These are altcoins rallies. I'll tell you what an old season is. Okay? This here is an old season. This here is an old season. This, this, this, this, these are altcoin rallies. Okay? But anyway, you can see it clearly in the chart how this didn't look like it was going to drop here, okay? It was looking different, okay? So, that was what I tell you that the most likely thing was going to go, you know, push above this range, test it as support. It actually did it here. If we zoom in, you're going to be able to see there. Okay? Check out there. Perfect. I It's actually been perfect. Look at that. Tested as support and then continue going higher to 52%, okay? To this candle here. That was my idea. And you can see price is right now up to 51.85%. And of course, sorry. And of course, it could continue even going higher. But Bitcoin has to retrace, okay? The Bitcoin dominance follows Bitcoin pretty much. But Bitcoin has to retrace. So, what I'm thinking here, okay, is of course Bitcoin should retrace sooner or later. The Bitcoin dominance is going to retrace, but the difference here should be that now the Bitcoin dominance has support here. Okay? And if it finds support here and Bitcoin continues dropping, okay? And by continuing dropping, I mean going to, I don't know, uh 26K, 25K. Why not? It could happen, okay? So, if that scenario happens and the Bitcoin dominance can't hold above this zone and not continue dropping, then altcoins are going to get wrecked. Okay? And that's a scenario that I've been talking for quite some time. You know that, guys. Anyway, I'm going to show you what I mean by shorting I'll fix the chart later. I'm going to tell you what I meant by shorting altcoins. What you need to know is that if the Bitcoin dominance is high, okay? Like that high as right now, super high, then when Bitcoin dumps, okay? Let's go into the 4-hour time frame. When Bitcoin dumps, to be honest, this wasn't a big dump in the Asian session. This was a 1.8% dump, okay? But if you go to altcoins, let's go for example to ADA, okay? You're going to be able to see here that this was a 5 and 1/2% dump, okay? So, when the Bitcoin dominance is high and you're looking for shorts, then it's better to short altcoins. And I'm going to show you more examples. Let's go for example, I don't know, Matic. Let's check Matic. Okay? Let's check. So, that would be from here. That's another 5 and 1/2% dump, okay? I could continue showing you more. I don't know about Chainlink. I don't know what Chainlink did. Let's see. Probably going to be the same. Again, around 4 and 1/2% okay? Let's continue. Solana, maybe? Let's check Solana. 5.1% dump, okay? This is what I mean, guys. When the Bitcoin dominance is high, then if you want to short, short altcoins. If you want to long, long Bitcoin. It's as simple as that, okay? And that's what I'm going to be favoring until the Bitcoin dominance drops, okay? As long as it's going up and it's looking good, then if you want to short short altcoins, simple as that, guys. Okay, let's go back to Bitcoin. In Bitcoin, well, I see in the chart right now is, first of all, what I would like to go deeply in shorts is to see a push here to the liquidity pool, and then a dump, okay? Then, this is what I would open my shorts if we see a reaction to the downside, okay? Why? Because then the all the imbalances to the upside are filled, and Bitcoin can I start to recover these imbalances at the left, okay? More things, if you go into the 1-hour time frame, you're going to be able to see here what, okay? Or at least this is what I think. Let's mark all these candles. But, if you notice at the highs, large green candle, large green candle, large green candle, large green candle. What happens after? They bring price down. They bring price down, again and again, okay? So, with these large green candles, what the price action is telling me is that the market maker are building their shorts here, okay? Around this zone here. This is where the market maker is, you know, building their shorts. So, uh as long as we don't break above this level, 31,400, okay? As as as long as we don't break above this level, holding as support, then I'm going to favor lower prices from this range over here, okay? That's my idea at the moment. Um now, the plan is where do I open a short? Again, ideally, after the liquidity pool gets retrace, and then you start seeing price reacting to it and going lower, okay? At that moment, then you can or at least that's what I plan to open my shorts. Okay? But now, let's go into the 4-hour time frame. Let me remove all this mess that I've created. Let's see. Okay. If you go into the 4-hour time frame, the chart is pretty simple, okay? You have this level over here. Let me mark it for you. You have that level over here. That's around 30k, okay? This level over here. And if you lose this level, then the next level is going to be this one. It's going to be 29,500, okay? That's very simple. So, if you lose this level, of course, there's a chance that you do a sweep of the lows, and then you come back inside this level, test it as a support, and push. But, if you see this, okay? If you see a drop, okay? Then price establishes below it, and it doesn't come above it quickly, then what you are looking for is a short opportunity towards this zone here, okay? Now, at this zone, let's see what Bitcoin does. It could, you know, hold a support. It could again sweep the lows, or it could continue dropping, okay? But, this should be your take profits. Now, from here, also, what I found interesting about this level is that we have the 4-hour 50 MA, this blue line, okay? By the way, you can change the settings here. If you go to the settings, inputs, time frame, you can select the time frame that you want that EMA to show on, okay? So, I selected the 4-hour time frame. But, you can see here that there is a bit of confluence for our take profits if we lose this level here, okay? You have this previous level where they bought from, and you also have the 4-hour 50 MA. So, this is a potential support zone if we lose this one. Okay? That's a setup that I'm looking out for now. But, of course, we want to go into Hyblock Capital. We're going to try to see if we can see anything else that helps us to identify the potential next move. Okay, we're in Hyblock Capital. 12-hour liquidation heat map. First, let's have a look at this. Okay. We can see that we are between two big liquidity zones, okay? That would be the 30,700 zone to That wouldn't go all the way to 31,200. That's our liquidity pool, okay? Doesn't get all the way there. And to the downside we have the 30,000 zone. That that is also a psychological number. All right, so that also that's also our current support 30,000. So if you lose that level, then you should be aiming for 29,500 zone. And if we push up all the way here, I would ideally like to see, you know, a follow-through towards 31K, that liquidity pool, okay? That's what I'm looking for now. Price action is quite boring at the moment. Um I think swing traders have to wait a bit more, in my opinion. And the scalpers Yeah, scalpers are going to have a good time in lower time frame, in the 15-minute time frame, 5-minute time frame, because we are in a range right now, okay? Now, in the 7-days time frame, what do we have here? Okay. There is a lot of liquidity growing here. Uh 29,500, okay? Remember, that is our target if we lose 30K, right? And I've already explained why. And to the upside, 31,800. Now, you can see that we are closer to this level to the downside, so in theory, it's more likely that we go to this amount here, okay? To 29,500. That's what chart is um telling us. So anyway, guys, let me mark these levels, the important levels, in my opinion, okay? You have here 29,500. Um you also have this one here. I again I mark them because I know that there are stop losses here. I know that there are stop losses here, okay? And also you have here the 4-hour 50-MA. So those are the important levels in the chart to the downside. To the upside, of course, you have this liquidity pool here at 31,200. And now, uh what you have to keep an eye on is that if we drop, you know, below this level, is there is a chance that it might be a deviation before pushing price up again, okay? But, if they lose this level, okay? And it consolidates below resistance, then this is what you will see, another drop towards this level here again. And this level you'll see the same. It could be a deviation or again, it could be another drop, consolidate, drop okay? So, this is what you have to keep an eye on for these two levels. Um I'm not in any positions yet in Bitcoin, okay? So, uh what I want to see, I'll repeat myself, is a push here to this liquidity pool, and then hopefully, if they come to this liquidity pool before dropping price, you know, and we see a reaction from here, and we don't break these highs, then this is where I would go into shorts, okay? I'm targeting lower prices. Um because yeah, I think that the market maker is building their their shorts here with these candles, okay? That's at least what I think. Um maybe wrong on this one. We'll see what the price uh delivers. Um then, for the day traders that are trading today, uh what I see here within the trading sessions is that Asia dumped here, okay? You can see here, Asia dumped. Now, it's the time for London. Uh London is already pushing price too much, so I wouldn't really like them to push price be I above this level here, okay? Um then, that would take us to New York to push price high, okay? Of course, I don't know if this is going to play out, but because for this I would need to see London not really going above this level here. So, that means that in the next couple of hours, I would like to see a retrace here in London, okay? So, then if that happens and they come towards this level here, then that would be telling me that it's likely that New York, you know, might pump today a bit. Right? Maybe a $500 move. And that's a move that you could take advantage of. But again, uh I don't know if London is going to stop here. Uh that's what I think for the day traders. I don't see much going on here because if you go into the 15-minute time frame, I don't really see any wicks in into the downside. Um it's not looking like a good day for trading at the moment. I'm going to wait until the New York session to see if I can see some imbalances that I can take advantage of. But again, uh if I don't see anything, then I won't trade today. That's uh all I know. And for altcoins, okay? If we are thinking that Bitcoin could dump and come again to these levels here, to these liquidity pools, then my main priority is to look for more shorts in altcoins or to add positions to altcoin trades. Okay? This means that, for example, an altcoin that I'm loving to trade now into short is ADA, okay? Cardano. I'm trading this one like a bad boy. I jumped into a short here at 0.2913. I took some profits at 28 uh below this level here, 2850 2850-ish. And I still have a very small position. It's really a small, so I would really like that price pushes up up a bit so then I can add to my shorts. Okay? Because I think that ADA has this um wick over here. Many altcoins have this wick as still without getting retraced. You can see here. That's around 24.80, sorry, 24.6. And I think that ADA will eventually come here. So, I'm looking to add into shorts. Okay? Another one is LINK. Let's go to LINK. This is one that, you know, for the long term, I think it's a good coin, but in the short term, I shorted here, 6.22. Almost at the highest, but there was this week here that went to 6.38. Uh but anyway, I'm right now into this uh swing short. I haven't taken profits yet. And what I would like to is the price starts to, you know, fill this um liquidity pool over here. Um maybe this one, too, okay? Those are my plans for LINK. Also, you can see here why I enter here is this zero line. Support, support. Well, in this level it gets uh tested several times. Support, again tested here. Support, support. Um here, I think it acts as resistance. And now it may be acting as resistance again. Okay, that's why I chose this level for LINK. Um so, anyway, I think you should be looking for trade opportunities in altcoins, and I'm going to tell you why you should be looking at. If you go to the total three, you want to trade altcoins that are not outperforming the total three. What do I mean with this, okay? Let me show you this. Uh so, basically, I want here the 50 MA in the daily time frame. Okay? You want to trade altcoins that are looking like the total three. Okay? That are looking weak, that they are not outperforming the total three. So, you don't want to trade altcoins that are above the daily 50 MA. You want to trade altcoins that are below the 50 MA. That's for example why I chose ADA. Okay? Look at this. It's looking very weak, okay? It didn't even make to this level. The total three is at here, okay? It didn't even get there, and you still have this week without getting filled. Um I will have to go through the chart to find more examples. Uh let me go through it. So, you would have for example, let's have a look. Uh don't know. MATIC maybe? MATIC, uh the price of MATIC already reached the um that week. So, I'm not looking for Matic. Let's see more here. Solana retraced the the 50% of the week and then pushed. Let's see XRP. XRP neither. Uh, it's got to be lower. V chain above the daily 50 MA. I'm not interested. Oh, wow. This one is a very interesting one, okay? AXS or whatever it's called. You have here this massive week. Okay? And 50% of the week must be around here, 385. It's below the 50 MA in the daily time frame. So, this is for example a coin that you could be looking for shorts. Uh, well, for swing shorts, okay? Uh, let's continue. I've seen some uh altcoins that I haven't updated for a long time. All right. Let's see if we can find more weeks. I want basically a long week. For example, this. A long week and to be below the 50 MA. This could be another example. But let's see if we can find better ones. Let's have a look. Ocean has been doing well. All right. Oh, this one looks very good. Uh, clay or clay, I don't know how it's called. I don't even know what this coin is about, okay? Uh, very similar chart to um ADA, okay? And to to 12.3 And it has this very long week here, okay? The 50% of the week must be here. Around uh 0.14. That's around to 0.14. Okay? And right now you're at 0.16. So, this is another coin that you could be looking to jump into swing shorts. All right. Uh, this is what I'm trying to figure it out. And these are the type of altcoins that I'm trying to find to short when Bitcoin starts to retrace, okay? Uh of course it doesn't make much sense to jump into swing shorts now. You want to first go into the Bitcoin chart and in the Bitcoin chart see a clear signal. I don't know what I'm doing here. Hang on. Here. And in the Bitcoin signal you want to see a very clear uh signal of a retrace. For example, when can you jump into these uh altcoins uh into shorts, okay? Um you're going to You will lose some of the position in price. To me that's not a problem because then I would know uh anyway that I'm taking a high probability trade that is going to give me a profit either way, okay? But for example, once Bitcoin drops below here, drops below here, okay? Then here you would have lost the 4-hour 50 MA, okay? And this support here, so then you're going to start, you know, rolling over to this liquidity pool, to this liquidity pool, to this liquidity pool. So, look at that how much Bitcoin can drop, okay? Bitcoin if Bitcoin loses this level, okay? Then Bitcoin can drop uh 2K easily. Imagine what that means for altcoins when you have the Bitcoin dominance so high. Okay? You know, those altcoins that I showed you, either uh I think that one was called Clay. Uh they would dump pretty hard, okay? They would probably easily go again towards these levels here, okay? Either probably would come here, maybe even here, too. Okay? And these moves are very big moves cuz this is a 7% move and a 13% move easily in the example of Clay. Let's go back to Clay. Uh Clay. So, we said that we have this week here. It was a 0.14 in the daily timeframe, okay? So, if Clay if Bitcoin starts to roll over and loses the 4-hour 50 MA, this coin, you know, is probably going to go towards the wick. And we're talking here about another 15% move. So, this is what I'm looking for now in higher time frame. Um basically trying to find a moment of weakness for Bitcoin, that it starts to roll over, loses this level, and if that happens, I jump into shorts, but shorts in altcoins. Anyway, guys, I don't want this video to get much longer cuz I feel like I'm a chatterbox. I've been talking for ages. It's Wednesday. I don't want to bore you. We're in the middle of the week. There is going to be more content coming this week. Krypton always back, baby. Thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you soon.