Hello everybody. Hope that you are good. This video is going to be my projection for Bitcoin in 2026. So you want to see if I'm bullish or if I'm bearish. Some people will agree, some will disagree, and that is totally fine. I would even say that that's the whole point of this video is that we learn from each other. So if you have any different argument, please leave it on the comment section of this video. I'll try to answer as many messages as I can. Um, I think that's the whole point, you know, that if I'm missing something, you can tell me and if you are missing something, maybe I can tell you, you know. So, this video is going to be quite technical because we're going to analyze a lot of different things. So, I'm going to try to keep the language quite simple and also the video quite short so I don't take much of your time. Now the first thing that I want to talk about is the N2 global liquidity index is this indicator we have here and this shows pretty much all the monetary supply of the world includes the US and China which are the two main countries injecting liquidity out there and with this chart all I want to show you this yellow line is that Bitcoin tends to follow it. Why? Well, simply because if there is more money out there and more liquidity into the system, then that means that more people and more institutions can buy Bitcoin. Okay, everything grows also because inflation. So, as you can see, it's always acts a bit delay. For example, this top here is here. This drop would be here, this bottom. Okay, as you can follow. Now, this pump for example that we see here, in my opinion, that probably is around this level. Okay. Then you have this drop there. You got it. Okay. Price goes up and I would say that this is here. You see a drop that will be there. Then you see price going up. That would be this pump here. But if you can see the yellow line is a bit overextended. So I would say that we've only got maybe to here. Okay. Then you see this drop which is this drop in Bitcoin. Two things to mention from here. The first thing is that the retrace in the yellow line is quite small compared to the very deep retrace that we are seeing in Bitcoin and I would say that's because of three things. The first thing is that Bitcoin is very sensitive to the liquidity and we had the US government shut down and that's when Bitcoin started to act very weak. The second thing that happened was the 10th of October. That was a mess. That was a record on liquidations. It created a very long week. 8 9% within a few minutes. I think in total price dropped around 15% that day and some market makers were caught on that volatility. They lost money and in order to rebalance their portfolios they were forced to sell from 110K 115K they've been selling until now. Okay. So that is one thing. Now the question is you know if they've been selling all of that time how much is left to sell if there is any. And the third thing that happened is that over the last month we had this very tight range and also very boring price action and it was because we had options at record levels and that forced dealers to hedge their to hedge automatically. So if price went up they were forced to sell if price went down they were forced to buy. So at the end what you have here is a very tight range and they're not giving any space for breakouts or breakdowns. Okay. So now I want to start to see price moving freely because all those options expired on Friday. Yesterday was the first day that price was moving naturally without that lead, you know. So that's pretty much what I think that this retrace here has been so big in Bitcoin. And the point that I wanted to get to is that we still have here in the M2 monetary supply, we have an increase that Bitcoin hasn't priced in yet. Okay, it's delayed. So that would take Bitcoin above 130K to all alltime highs. And usually Bitcoin is delayed say four months, five months maybe from the M2 global liquidity index. So that is giving me maybe a hint or an argument to why Bitcoin could still going up because the global monetary supply keeps increasing. Central banks keep printing money and that's my next argument. So let me remove all of these. The next thing is that the Fed, the US central bank, they ended QT in December and also in December they announced that they are buying every month $40 billion of treasury bills. Now the Fed is not going to say that this is QE quantitative easing and the reason is because what they're going to say is because QE is more about buying government bonds which is more for the long term whereas treasury bills is more like a short-term kind of action. All right. So um but in terms of the concept it is what it is. they're injecting liquidity into the system and when they're injecting liquidity into the system that always helps the stock market and risk assets like Bitcoin to perform well. So that's another reason why you know if there is more liquidity to the system then stocks and risk assets should go up more things interest rates why is happening in the US well Jerome Pow is finishing mandate I think it's in May and Donald Trump is going to pick somebody with the finger to take that position Donald Trump said many times that he wants 1% interest rates now I don't know if they're going to let him or if they're going to be able to take interest rates to 1% Their intentions are clear. Okay, they want to continue cutting interest rates which also is going to help the S&amp;P and crypto to perform well. All right, that's all I'm going to say because I don't know what it's going to happen at the end, but we know their intentions. Next thing is S&amp;P 500 is at alltime highs. Let's go to the S&amp;P 500. Let me remove all of these alltime highs. Okay. And if with what we've said it continues to go up, then what is going to happen with Bitcoin? It's possible that for some reason we see a retrace. Okay, you're going to have here a strong support because you have this area here that is a key level in the chart and also you want to have the weekly 50 MA coming through. this area should probably hold and price continue going higher. Okay, that's what I'm thinking it probably happen in 2026 because all that we've said and also we have the top companies of the S&amp;P expecting earnings in 2026 to be good. Okay, so that is telling you in what kind of situation we are in the market. And now if we go back to Bitcoin, let's go to a different chart because this one is I have some drawings. But you to this chart, there are two things that we could argue why the maybe the markets could be going down in 2026. The first thing is the weekly 50 MA. You can see how the weekly 50 MA in my opinion is um clearly one of the best bull and bare market indicators. Okay, this chart, by the way, is quite short. So, let's go to this one. That is much better. You can see how when price is in a bull market is above the weekly 50. When it goes into a bare market is below it. Of course, you see some deviations like the COVID crash. Then you have here bull market price above the weekly 50 MA it holds. It makes a new high. Then it drops tested a resistance drops bare market gets it back above it. Retest a support bull market and now price is again below it. Okay. So you could argue price is below the weekly 50 main. This is a bare market. Okay. Yes, it's possible for that. We still need to see some kind of retest as resistance and then price could continue going lower. But I want you to I want you to see guys that sometimes we see some deviations. Okay, below the weekly 50 May. What about here? What happened there? Nothing happened here. August and September of 2023. not major news that caused a deviation like the COVID crash did that was just a natural deviation and then if you notice price went back above it and continued with a bull market. Why couldn't be the same case here? Why couldn't this be a deviation? I'm not going to say that this is a deviation because first it needs to be proved first needs to go back above the weekly 50 MA and then I'll say yeah that was a deviation here. I can only say careful because it could be a deviation. Okay. And if this start of the bare market, then give me a retest of the weekly 50 May and let's see how how price behaves from there. Also, too many arguments in the macro context to support that Bitcoin should continue really to go up over the next year. What about the fouryear cycle? You might say, well, I've told you before that, and you've noticed because I never talk about it. I don't really care about the fouryear cycle theory. I don't also care about the monthly returns. Things keep changing in crypto. I mean, this year, for example, you are going to have the first ever posthaling year in negative. And that was a very strong part of the theory of the four-year cycle. is that the postalin year always offers greater returns while this year we are going to close in negative in five or six% negative all right so you can see that you know the crypto market keeps changing every time there is more liquidity every time we have you know institutions coming in ETFs coming in new exchanges market makers collapsed it keeps changing so to me monthly returns and fouryear cycle it's things that I don't really pay attention to okay because the market is in constant change what I look at is the price action because price action doesn't change because human behavior doesn't change okay now what you can see here guys is something quite interesting first I'm going to take you to a couple of charts that are Nvidia let's go to check Nvidia what happened with Nvidia and I want you to pay attention to what happened here You have this low over here in a uptrend. Price was dropping and I can tell you that there was a lot of panic here. Many people were selling. Many people were saying, "Well, okay, AI was a bubble. It's going to continue going lower." And what it did was a sweep of these lows. Price went back above this level and continue going up with the bull market. You can see that now, you know, it's continue with the bull market. But if you notice this is a this is a chart that you're going to see more often. If you go with Google, you're going to see pretty much the same. So let me draw this part here. Okay, you have this level which should be a strong support. You have the low. Price sweeps the low, gets back above it, retested, continues with the bull market. All right. And if you go back to Bitcoin, what do you guys see here? Bitcoin in Coinbase. What do you guys see here? I'm going to mark it for you. Okay, you have this strong support over here. You can see it there. Okay, you have that strong support over there. What if price comes down here, sweep these lows, retested and continues with the bull market same as Nvidia and Google did. I think it's quite similar chart. Also, we have here a very strong support that shouldn't break through is if we are indeed in a bare market. All right, but that would be around a 40% correction in Bitcoin. Let me check it with you. Sorry, I'm doing something wrong there. That's a 40% correction. Right now, we are on, let me check, 34%. My opinion is that if price goes all the way down here, then I think that this price action is very likely to happen. Also, I'm going to add you another indicator is the Bitcoin mining cost. This is how much it cost on average to mine one bitcoin. You can see how right now it's also matching exactly at a level it's a $74,000 and in previous times if we zoom out you can see that it doesn't really go below it. Okay, the Bitcoin mining cost is always below the current price except when you see some deviations like for example the COVID crash then recovers fast. Okay. Also here you see a really really small deviation that was the bare market bottom. Price continues going up from there. Okay. Well, it starts to go up from there. And now if you noticed it's pretty much there. It's almost there. you mean? So from here, I think the bottom is very close. And what I'm going to explain now, and I've explained it in other videos, is that my analysis for Bitcoin in the midterm is that I do think that it's either going to sweep these lows of 80K. Okay, that is the chart. Or if it loses this level 80K and it starts to consolidate below it then price is going to start to go lower and it should stop around 74 73K where we have you know these lows price can sweep those lows hit the mining cost price of bitcoin that should also act as support or that's what has happened previously many times and that is pretty much what Nvidia and Google has also printed okay so If it's not the sweep of the lows of 79K, then it'll be the sweep of the lows of this previous low at 74.5K. Either way, the bottom is quite close if it's not already in. That's what I'm thinking. Okay, so yes, I'm bullish for 2026. All right, that is my opinion, guys. Thank you for watching the video and please comment your arguments for agreeing on this bullish case. Maybe you have different arguments or of course disagreeing and you think that the bare market is going to start. I'll be happy to to read all the comments. So, thank you so much for watching, guys, and I'll see you